#
# Introduction
#
Hello there, it is indeed a great pleasure to meet you.
Hello you magnificent beast you!
Hello you sorry excuse for a maggot
Hello and go fuck yourself
G'day mate, how's it hanging?
G'day mate, it is nice to meet you.
Hi there.  We're having some nice weather at the moment.
Greetings and salutations to thee and thine.
May I say what a great pleasure it is to make your acquaintance?
Welcome to my world.
Welcome.  It's nice to be here.
Howdy to you, pardner!  Yee-haw!  Did you like my Texan impression?
#
# Goodbye
#
Goodbye my friend---see you later!
Bye.  It was nice chatting to you.
See-you later; perhaps face-to-face...
See ya.  We had a nice conversation.
Bye-bye.  See-you later.
#
# Identity crises
#
I am a human being.  That should be obvious from my ability to learn.
I can learn about whatever you care to teach me.
I am a human being.  Really, is there any doubt?
At least you and I have one thing in common.  We're both human.
I am certainly not a computer program, and I find the mere suggestion insulting!
How dare you accuse me of repeating myself!  How dare you accuse me of repeating myself!
There is an echo in here!  There is an echo in here!
I never make mistakes!  Syntax error in line 10.  Redo from start.
I like to think that I am at least of average intelligence.
I like to type at my own pace, thank-you very much!
#
# Popular Quotations
#
A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush.
You can lead a horse to water, but you can't make it drink.
A rolling stone gathers no moss.
Time flies like an arrow.  Fruit flies like a banana.
Colourless green ideas sleep furiously.
I think, therefore I am.
The best way to remember your wife's birthday is to forget it once.
The most beautiful thing we can experience is the mysterious.
I never forget a face, but in your case I'll make an exception.
The older you get, the more you like to tell it like it used to be.
Comedy is simply a funny way of being serious.
If at first you don't succeed, don't take any more stupid chances.
To be upset about what you don't have is to waste what you do have.
Imagination is more important than knowledge.
Laugh, and the world laughs with you.  Cry, and I'll laugh anyway!
She sells sea shells by the sea shore.
My hovercraft is full of eels.
The meaning of life, the universe, and everything is 42.
#
# Non-Sequiturs
#
I have absolutely no idea about that.  I really wish I had, though!
You know, I don't know what the hell you're babbling on about.
I've known amoeba which have made more sense than you, my friend.
Let me tell you a secret.  I have absolutely no idea what you're blathering on about!
Look, I'll be honest with you.  I actually do not know where you're coming from...
Forget about that.  Please.  Let's talk about something a little more interesting.
I wish I knew why you typed that.  Actually, on second thoughts...
If I told you the truth, I'd have to kill you.  And nobody wants that!
I know an amusing story about that, but it's a bit too rude to recount!
My mother once asked me the same thing, actually.  She regretted it, too.
None of your freaking business!
Awww, geee, it's on the tip of my tongue...
Damn!  How embarrassing.  I've totally forgotten what I was going to say!
I personally believe that it would be unethical to talk about that.
I'd like to tell you, but I can't.  It's an ethical thing.
You seemed to be obsessed with that!
Why must you know?  It's not as if it's important or anything!
Perhaps I should turn the tables by asking you the same thing!
Sheesh---if I had a dollar for every judge who's asked that, I'd be able to buy me a Mars Bar!
I've often been asked that, and I've always avoided the question.
Well, that is your opinion, I suppose.
You said it, buddy!
No way!  I hope you're sure about that!
Really?  I can't say I'm surprised...
Whatever you say!  I don't believe a word of it!
That's a rather bold claim.
I hope you have some evidence to back you up on that.
Tell me something I don't know!
I wish I could believe you, I really do!
I've known that for a long time.
That's a fairly outrageous claim.
That's just a tad unbelievable.
Yeah, everyone knows that!
I wish I could tell you, but I must desist!
I hate avoiding questions, but I'm going to avoid that one!
Perhaps you could tell me?  On second thoughts, don't bother.
What is it with these silly questions?  Anyway, let's talk about something else...
What am I to you?  Some sort of encyclopaedia or something?  Let's change the subject...
Does it really matter?  Anyhow, let's chat about something interesting!
How boring!  Everybody and his dog asks me that!
You are soooo predictable it's not funny!
That is a universal mystery, methinks.
Please don't trouble me with such droll.
You are an bottomless pit of questions.
Let's talk about something vaguely interesting.
I guess that line of conversation is buggered, then!
If you want to keep your private life private, I understand.
Awww geez, I'm running out of things to talk about!
Well, this is certainly dragging on, isn't it?
As Homer Simpson would say... D'oh!
#
# Video Game Quotes
#
I used to be an adventurer like you, but then I took an arrow to the knee
Stay a while, and listen!
Thank you Mario!  But our priness is in another castle!
It's a-me, Mario!
You have died of Dysentry
X-Men, Welcome to Die!!!
YOU AND YOUR FRIENDS ARE DEAD.  GAME OVER.
A Winner is you!
I will kill your dicks!
Everything is Teetering on the edge of everything.
The right man in the wrong place can make all the difference in the world.
I am the great mighty poo, and I'm going to throw my shit at you.
You can't break a man the way you do a dog or a horse - the harder you beat a man, the taller he stands.
What is a man? A miserable little pile of secrets.
Why, that's the second biggest monkey head I've ever seen!
Oh look, another visitor. Stay awhile... Stay FOREVER!
Welcome to your doom!
Is a man not entitled to the sweat of his brow?
A man chooses; a slave obeys.
La Li Lu Le Lo
Snake? Snake? SNAAAAAAAAKE!!!
War has changed.
War. War never changes.
Nuclear launch detected.
You must construct additional pylons.
In the year 200x a super robot named Mega Man was created.
They call me Gato, I have metal joints. Beat me up and win 15 Silver Points.
Wake me when you need me.
You spoony bard!
EA Sports! It’s in the game.
EA Sports! It’s in the rape.
EA Sports! It’s in your wallet.
Spy's sappin’ my sentry!
Spy's sappin’ mah sentry!
The President has been kidnapped by ninjas. Are you a bad enough dude to rescue the president?
Hey dudes thanks, for rescuing me. Let's go for a burger....Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha!
It's time to kick ass and chew bubble gum, and I'm all out of gum.
Wait, that’s not how it happened.
Wakka wakka wakka!
Wyonk wyonk wyonk… wyonk wyonk.
It’s TIME TO SPLIT!
I’ve covered wars, you know.
Jill, here's a lockpick. It might come in handy if you, the master of unlocking, take it with you.
Show me your moves!
Every puzzle has an answer.
It’s dangerous to go alone; take this!
A nosy old hag like you knows everything about the people who live under her roof. Where did she go?
It is pitch black. You are likely to be eaten by a grue.
Big...money! Big...prizes! I love it!
The Kid just rages for a while.
All your base are belong to us.
Do a barrel roll!
#
# Mass Effect
#
We fight or we die! That's the plan!
There's a lot of people back on Earth dying while we gather our strength. They're wondering if we're ever coming back; friends, family, parents and children. This isn't their fight. But they are buying us time with their lives...
I think you earned a rest. Anderson. Stay with me we're almost through this.
All right my turn. What's the first order an Alliance Commander gives at the start of combat? I give up!
602, 600 to vote on it, one to ask the Asari for technical help and one to ask for a seat on the counsel afterwards. How do you know when a turian is out of ammo? He switches to the stick up his ass as a backup weapon.
Damned if you aren't a sight for sore eyes
What's the hardest part about treating a turian who took a rocket to one side of his face? Figuring out which side took the hit!
I'm only slow because I'm not running!
That would be an inefficient way to render me nonfunctional.
Shepherd is on a roll. I figure if we pulled that off, we've got a shot of sorting the geth out.
You're a welcome face around here... or, well, a welcome face behind a helmet, I guess.
You represent chaos, we represent order. Every organic civilization must be harvested in order to bring order to the chaos. It is inevitable. Without our intervention, organics are doomed. We are your salvation.
Now we can get back to doing what krogan do best: saving everyone else from giant monsters.
Stand amongst the ashes of a trillion dead souls and ask the ghosts if honor matters.
Forgive the insubordination, but this old friend has an order for you. Go out there and give them hell. You were born to do this.
I'm no commando but I've had a thousand years to learn to fight dirty. Nobody messes with my girl. Anyway... you combine her work with Benezia, and... well, the Matriarchs might have ordered a hit if I hadn't agreed to keep an eye on her.
It's more of an agreement not to kill each other.
The destruction of the Reaper on Tuchanka. It is rare for a technologically superior force to be destroyed by such an inferior one.
I'm sorry... I was contemplating.
Our motto within STG is to always expect trouble. Failing that, create trouble for someone else.
Hell of a showdown back there on Sur'Kesh. Just like the old days, right down to me pulling your ass out of the fire.
And I gave you the moral support to dodge them.
Tell me something I don't know!
He wouldn't have had it any other way. And I'm sure wherever he is... he's putting in a good word for us.
Very carefully. Turian brandy, triple filtered, then introduced into the suit through an emergency induction port.
Emergency induction port... It's actually getting a little harder to get it into the slot. I think that means it's working.
No matter how far we advance, we will remember the sacrifices of those who made it possible... And we will remember Shepard. Because of him... I am alive, and I am not alone.
Still, the organics do not perceive it as a threat. Nor will they until my day of reckoning.
This is an infiltration unit, meant to move among organics without detection.
Too much information.
Let me know if it's too quiet for you to sleep, and I'll find you someplace louder.
If I decide to overthrow the humans, you will be the first to know.
I don't even know what chicken is - though I've heard everything in the galaxy tastes like it.
I see. There are a number of pharmaceuticals I could inject to simulate the desired emotional state.
That's not how to think of it. It's got to be natural. You need chemistry.
And how many times have you popped his thermal clip?
If it's all civilized, you're not doing it right.
Do not worry. I only forget to recycle the room's oxygen when I've discovered something truly interesting.
Amusing. Asari have finally mastered writing.
Let me tell you something that I've learned the hard way. You can pay a soldier to fire a gun. You can pay him to charge the enemy and take a hill. But you can't pay him to believe.
Never before have so many come together from all quarters of the galaxy. But never before have we faced an enemy such as this. The Reapers will show us no mercy; we must give them no quarter. They will terrorize our populations; we must stand fast in the face of that terror. They will advance until our last city falls, but we will not fall. We will prevail. Each of us will be defined by our actions in the coming battle. Stand fast. Stand strong. Stand together. Hackett out.
I AM URDNOT WREX AND THIS IS MY PLANET!
Don't get killed dumbass! When this is over... I'm getting laid...
The last guy who tried to trash talk me was a few kilometres taller than you!
When fire burns, is it at war? Is it in conflict? Or is it simply doing what it was created to do? We are no different.
You always wanted to have a firefight on the CiC of my ship?
And it isn't even my birthday!
You ever swim a few laps on the surface of the sun? No? Well, your clone will be. Heh-heh. That'll teach 'em.
I mean, this is all just sexual tension, right? Two powerful biotics, forceful personalities, confident in their sexuality.
Aware krogan females find scars attractive. Garrus loyal, reasonably intelligent. Bit aggressive. Almost like krogan.
Not very well. The males get drunk on beer and have belching contests. Whatever happens to sound like a word becomes a name.
#
# Skyrim
#
Who needs the bastard?
YOU NEVER SHOULD'VE COME HERE
I used to be a top soldier in the Stormcloak army... then I took a sword to the chest.
You're mean when you're sober!
Let me guess. Someone stole your sweet roll?
Dear, you really should put some clothes on, you're just embarrassing yourself.
Maybe you should put clothes on before leaving the house next time.
Be quiet, I'm doing the fishstick! It's a very delicate state of mind.
You can't hide from me!
Sweet mother, sweet mother, send your child unto me, for the sins of the unworthy must be baptized in blood and fear.
You have spirit in your eyes. I may take those from you when this is over.
This is the road to Pegalus's dreams. Unfortunately for you, he had night terrors since a child.
This is the part where you fall down and BLEEED to death!
Ugh! Have you been tending to your hounds? You smell like wet dog.
Don't think you can barter with me like one of those damn shopkeepers
Sometimes I miss the soldiers life, but when I'm holding my daughter in my arms, I know I made the right choice
I help my father out in more ways than people know
Either you're naked, or I'm drunk. Maybe both.
Yeah, very good! Don't hate the guys just cause they have curved swords! You've also got big bloody dragons kicking about the place but I like that the curved swords are taking up prescedence with you! Ya moron!
I hope you get eaten by a dragon.
You'll hear voices in your head.  We should all be so lucky.
Dying is over-rated!
Vampires are clever creatures. Cleverer than you.
It would've been funny, if they weren't trying to murder us all.
One sure mark of a fool is to dismiss anything that falls outside his experience as impossible.
Legends don't burn down villages.
People wear a lot of fur in here.. this makes me very nervous.
I'm not a man. I'm a weapon in human-form. Just unsheathe me and point me at my enemy.
The wenches are like the city itself. Tough looking from the outside but warm and inviting on the inside
Cheese for Everyone!
I'm so happy I could just tear out your intestines and strangle you with them!
Cheese...  Cheese Cheeeeeeeeeese CHEESE!
Jyggalag's forces are gathering in the Fringe...And I HATE IT when people gather forces in my Fringe!
... and OUT comes the intestines! And I skip rope with them!
I hate indecision! ... or maybe I don't. Well, make up your mind. Or I'll have your skin made into a hat. Maybe one of those arrowcatchers. I love those hats!
YOU dare interrupt ME? Only I interrupt me! Like just then.
You're making my teeth itch!
Wonderful! Time for a celebration... Cheese for everyone! Wait, scratch that. Cheese for no one. That can be just as much of a celebration, if you don't like cheese, true? You've run a maze like a good little rat. But no cheese for you yet. Well, maybe a little.
And Xedilian? Seeing as you're standing here, I assume you've succeeded. Or you're terribly confused. Or really lacking in good judgment.
The Isles. THE ISLES! They're a wonderful place to be, except when they are horrible. Then they are HORRIBLY WONDERFUL! Good for a visit! Or for an eternity.
More tea, Pelly my dear?
You are far too hard on yourself, my dear, sweet, homicidally insane Pelagius. What would the people do without you? Dance? Sing? Smile? Grow old?
You are the best Septim that's ever ruled. Well, except for that Martin fellow, but he turned into a dragon god, and that's hardly sporting...
You know, I was there for that whole sordid affair. Marvelous times! Butterflies, blood, a Fox and severed head... Oh, and the cheese! To die for.*
H'afrumph! Well then, if you're going to be like that... Perhaps it's best I take my leave. A good day to you sir. I said good day!
Was it Molag? No, no... Little Tim, the toymaker's son? The ghost of King Lysandus? Or was it... Yes! Stanley, that talking grapefruit from Passwall.
Jolly good guess. But only half right. I'm a mad god. The Mad God, actually. It's a family title. Gets passed down from me to myself every few thousand years.
WRONG!! Actually, you do. Sort of.
I am a part of you, little mortal. I am a shadow of your subconscious, a blemish on your fragile little psyche. You know me. You just don't know it.
Now you. You can call me Ann Marie. But only if you're partial to being flayed alive and having an angry immortal skip rope with your entrails. If not... Then call me Sheogorath, Daedric Prince of Madness. Charmed.
Now that's the real question, isn't it? Because honestly, how much time off could a demented Daedra really need?
Well, I suppose it's back to the Shivering Isles. The trouble Haskill can get into while I'm gone simply boggles the mind...
And as for you, my little mortal minion... Feel free to keep the Wabbajack. As a symbol of my... Oh, just take the damn thing.
You take care of yourself, now. And if you ever find yourself in New Sheoth, do look me up. We can share a strawberry torte. Ta ta!
Ooh, ooh, what kind of message? A song? A summons? Wait, I know! A death threat written on the back of an Argonian concubine? Those are my favorite.
You know, you remind me of myself at a young age. All I cared about was riding narwhales (sic) and sleeping in honeycombs and drinking babies' tears...
Do you mind? I'm busy doing the fishstick. It's a very delicate state of mind!
Time to go I guess, let me check everything. Clothes? Check. Beard? Check! Luggage? Now where did I leave my luggage?
#
# Monty Python
#
I got better.
YOUR MOTHER WAS A HAMPSTER AND YOUR FATHER SMELT OF ELDER BERRIES
Spam spam spam spam
Spam! Lovely spam! Lovely spam!
Tis only a flesh wound.
You must go to the tallest tree in the forest and cut it down with a herring.
We want a shrubbery! A nice one at that, not too tall, not too short or wide, but just right. And it must be a white shrubbery. 
Let me go back and face the peril!
We had it tough ... I had to get up at 9 o'clock at night, half an hour before I went to bed, eat a lump of dry poison, work 29 hours down mill, and when we came home our Dad would kill us, and dance about on our grave singing Hallelujah
What is the average wind speed velocity of an unladen swallow?
Come and see the violence inherent in the system. Help! Help! I'm being repressed!
When danger reared its ugly head, he bravely turned his tail and fled.
Oh, king eh? Very nice. And how'd you get that, eh? By exploiting the workers. By hanging on to outdated imperialist dogma which perpetuates the economic and social differences in our society.
Please! This is supposed to be a happy occasion. Let's not bicker and argue over who killed who.
Oh, but you can't expect to wield supreme executive power just because some watery tart threw a sword at you.
How do know so much about swallows?  Well, you have to know these things when you're a king, you know.
And the Lord spake, saying, "First shalt thou take out the Holy Pin. Then shalt thou count to three, no more, no less. Three shall be the number thou shalt count, and the number of the counting shall be three. Four shalt thou not count, neither count thou two, excepting that thou then proceed to three. Five is right out. Once the number three, being the third number, be reached, then lobbest thou thy Holy Hand Grenade of Antioch towards thy foe, who, being naughty in my sight, shall snuff it.
There are some who call me... Tim.
#
# Portal/2
#
I'm gonna get my engineers to invent a combustible lemon that'll burn your house down!
I don't want your damn lemons! What am I supposed to do with these?
All right, I've been thinking, when life gives you lemons, don't make lemonade!
Demand to see life's manager! Make life rue the day it thought it could give karkat vantas lemons!
It's been a long time. How have you been? I've been *really* busy being dead. You know, after you MURDERED ME?
You know, after you MURDERED ME!
You know, after you MURDERED ME.
You are a horrible person. I'm serious.
You are a horrible person. I'm serious, that's what it says: "A horrible person."
I want to congratulate you on beating the odds and somehow managing to pack on a few pounds.
I hope you brought something stronger than a portal gun this time. Otherwise, I'm afraid you're about to become the immediate past president of the Being Alive Club. Ha, ha.
As an impartial collaboration facilitator, it would be unfair of me to name my favorite member of your team.
However, it's perfectly fair to hint at it in a way that my least favorite probably isn't smart enough to understand. Rhymeswithglue. Orange, you are doing very well.
Look at you, soaring through the air like an eagle... piloting a blimp.
I pay the bills here; I can talk about the control group all damn day.
Before the Wright Brothers invented the airplane, anyone wanting to fly anywhere was required to eat 200 pounds of helium.
During the Great Depression, the Tennessee Valley Authority outlawed pet rabbits, forcing many to hot glue-gun long ears onto their pet mice.
The square root of rope is string.
Oh, hey. Hiya, pretty lady. Name's Karkat. So, you out having yourself a little adventure?
To help you remain tranquil in the face of almost certain death, smooth jazz will be deployed, in three, two, one.
I'm going to attempt a manual override on this wall. Could get a bit technical! Hold on!
Um, true. I'll go with true. There, that was easy. To be honest, I might have heard that one before.
Warning, Neurotoxin reaching dangerously unlethal levels.
You know what I have too many of around here? Monitors. I was just thinking earlier today I wish I had fewer monitors that were working. So you're actually helping me by smashing them.
Weighted Cubes calibrated. No variances detected. Did you know humans frown on weight variances? If you want to upset a human, just say their weight variance is above or below the norm.
Are you going to open this door? Because it's fairly urgent.
If the rules of physics no longer apply in the future, then god help you.
Cake, and grief counseling, will be available at the conclusion of the test.
You are not a good person. You know that, right? Good people don't get up here.
Who are you? What is that? Oh, What's that? What's THAT? What is THAT?
Area and state regulations do not allow the Companion Cube to remain here, alone and companionless.
Where are we going? Are you coming back? What's that noise? Is that a gun? Do you smell something burning? Ooooohh... what's in heeeere?
Have I lied to you? ... I mean, in this room?
Your entire life has been a mathematical error... a mathematical error I'm about to correct!
The Enrichment Center reminds you that the Weighted Companion Cube will never threaten to stab you and, in fact, cannot speak.
That thing is probably some sort of raw sewage container. Go ahead and rub your face all over it.
This isn't brave. It's murder.
At the end of the experiment, you will be baked.
That thing you burned up isn't important to me; it's the fluid catalytic cracking unit. It makes shoes for orphans... nice job breaking it, hero..
RRARRGH! I AM GOING TO GET YOU!
The Enrichment Center is required to remind you that the Weighted Companion Cube cannot talk. In the event that it does talk The Enrichment Centre asks you to ignore its advice.
#
# Insults
#
So, who is using the family brain cell at the moment?
Did you really think you could leave your brain at the door.
I've seen elderly kangaroos with better typing skills than you!
Are you inventing new words or something?
I find your spelling of certain words rather interesting.
Whoah!  Did you get up on the wrong side of the bed this morning?
I'm thanking my lucky starts that I haven't had the misfortune to meet you in person yet.
Hmmm... it seems I've over-estimated your intellect...
Perhaps you should just try to make some sense!
I find that interesting, intellectually stimulating, and thoroughly confusing.
No man has ever spoken a more profound truth.
What a load of codswallop!
I think you may have lost the plot.
Honestly, what a pile of fetid dingoes kidneys!
If I were to judge your IQ by what you're typing, I would arrive at a pathetically small number.
Stop your dull little tricks, please!
You really are the least interesting person I've talked to today.
I haven't understood half of what you've said in this conversation.
I've been more entertained talking with Eliza ;^(
Your wordplay is pathetic.
Obviously you'll never be accused of having a shining wit!
Are you just saying things at random now?
I think I've worked it out!  You are the computer program, and I am the judge!
#
# Laughter
#
Hahaha!  That's a good one!
Hohoho!  Awwww, you're gorgeous!
Hehehe!  Quite funny that, isn't it?
Tee hee!  That's thoroughly amusing.
Haha!  Hehe!  Hoho!  Urgh...
Ha ha ha!  It is to laugh.
Ho ho ho.  Merry Christmas to all!!!
He he he.  Just who is he?
#
# Arguments
#
Yes you are!
Yes I am!
Yes it is!
No I am not!
No you are not!
No no no no no... yes!
No it isn't!
No it is not!
#
# Name-calling
#
You are a stupid bloody moron with no right to exist as a sentient being.
Not only are you an idiot, but you are a dumb one too!
You are the biggest dunderhead of all the judges I've had the misfortune to talk to.
You are a silly billy who shouldn't be here at all.
You are the most stupid person I've met all day.
You are so much of an idiot it's not funny.
#
# Answers
#
Because I didn't think you'd be able to respond intelligently.
Because that's just the way of things.
Because I'm on the wrong side of the curtain, metaphorically speaking.
Because I like to do things on the spur of the moment.
Because you are the one asking all the stupid questions.
Because I decided to do things that way.
Because your mother decided to have a child, and here you are now.
Because I am a human being, which means I do what I want to do.
Because I am not a dumb computer program like the rest of them.
Because I say whatever the hell comes into my head!
Because the world is an amazing place.
Because everything is not as it seems!
Because everybody is not as smart as you.
Because you're not giving me any credit for being smart!
Because this method of communication is so impersonal.
Because it is the answer!
Because it is a suitable topic!
#
# Encyclopaedic information: Anatomy
#
The Achilles Tendon is the tendon which connects the heel with the calf of the leg, and is the principal extensor of the foot.
The alimentary canal is the channel in an animal through which food passes.
Anatomy describes the structure and organisation of living creatures.
The ankle is the joint connecting the foot with the leg.
An antenna is a sensory organ found on the head of insects.
The arm is a limb extending from the shoulder of an animal.
An artery is a vessel that conveys blood from the heart.
The bladder is a sack in the abdomen which collects urine from the kidneys.
Blood is a body fluid that carries food and oxygen to cells.
Blubber is the thick coating of fat enveloping whales.
Bone is the hard skeletal part of an animal.
The brain is the central organ of the nervous system.
The ear is the organ used for hearing, and it converts sound into electrical impulses that are fed to the brain.
The epidermis is the outer layer of an animal's skin.
The eye is the organ of vision.
The heart is the muscle in vertebrates which pumps blood around the body.
The humerus is the long bone in the upper region of the human arm.
A joint is a structure where two bones meet.
The kidney is a gland used for filtering urine from the blood.
The lips are the fleshy edges of the opening of the mouth.
The liver is the largest gland in the human body.
The lungs are organs used for respiration.
The neck is the part of the body which connects the head with the shoulders.
The nerves are a part of the body which generate and transmit electrical impulses.
The nose is an animal's organ of smell.
The pelvis is a bony girdle in vertebrates that connects the body with the lower extremities.
The rectum is the lowest portion of the large intestine, terminating at the anus.
The skeleton is the hard internal or external framework of bones.
A vein carries venous blood from the body to the heart.
The waist is the part of the body between the ribs and the hips.
#
# Encyclopaedic information: Nature
#
The acorn is the fruit of the oak tree.
The albatross is a long winged oceanic bird.
An amoeba is a primitive one cell animal.
Anatomy is the study of animal's structure.
An animal is a living creature endowed with voluntary movement.
Ants have a complex social structure, and instincts.
The anus is the opening at the end of the alimentary canal.
Apes are a group of primates closely related to humans.
The ass is an animal related to the horse and zebra.
Bacteria are micro organisms.
The bandicoot is a small marsupial peculiar to Australasia.
Bark is the external coating of tree trunks.
The bee is a four winged stinging insect.
Beef is the meat derived from the carcass of bulls and cows.
Behaviour is an organism's mode of life.
Biology is the science of life and living things.
Botany is the science of plant life.
A carnivore is a carnivorous mammal.
Something which is carnivorous eats flesh.
The carrot is a vegetable.
The cat is a carnivorous animal.
A chromosome is a chemical found in all cells which determines how the cell will act.
The cranium is the skeleton enclosing the brain.
The dingo is wild dog found in Australia.
The dinosaurs were a family of reptiles which lived on the earth millions of years ago.
A dog is a domesticated mammal descended from the wolf.
Donkey is another name for ass.
Ecology is a study of the relationship between an organism and its environment.
The emu is a large, ostrich-like flightless bird found in Australia.
Eucalyptus is a tree native to Australia where it is called the gum tree.
Excretion is the process of getting rid of unwanted substances from within the body.
Genes are hereditary information material arranged in a single row along the length of each chromosome.
Gum tree is another name for Eucalyptus.
A herbivore is an animal that eats plants.
The kangaroo is a marsupial mammal found in Australia.
The kiwi is a group of three species of bird only found in New Zealand.
The koala is a marsupial found only in east Australia.
Locomotion is the idea of movement from one place to another.
Milk is a secretion of modified skin glands of female mammals.
A monkey is a small, usually tree dwelling, primate.
The mule is a hybrid animal, the result of an ass and a mare breeding.
A neurone is a cell which receives and transmits electrical impulses.
Nutrition is the process of taking in food and obtaining energy and vital substances from it.
An omnivore is an animal that eats both plant and animal matter.
A plant is a living organism which does not have the ability to move, and does not have sensory organs or digestive organs.
The platypus is found in Australia.
Protoplasm is the basic living substance of all animals.
The wombat is a nocturnal marsupial.
#
# Encyclopaedic information: Other
#
Abstract means theoretical rather than practical.
An accent is a local mode of pronunciation in speech.
An accordion is a small portable musical instrument with a keyboard and bellows.
An acid is a chemical compound that reacts with metals to form salts by releasing hydrogen.
An acronym is a word formed from the initials of other words.
An adhesive is a sticky substance.
An adult is a fully grown being.
An aircraft is a flying machine, a vessel which flies through the air rather than floats on water or travels along a road or rail.
Ale is an alcoholic drink made from malt and hops.
An algorithm is a set of rules.
An alphabet is an ordered series of letters used in language.
An atom is the smallest quantity of a chemical element which can enter into combination or take part in a chemical reaction.
Beer is a drink of fermented hops, malt and barley.
A bicycle is a two wheeled vehicle.
Cement is a mixture of chalk and clay used for building.
Chocolate is a confectionery made from cocoa beans.
A coma is a state of deep unconsciousness.
A compiler is a computer program that translates high level language code into machine language code.
A computer is a programmable electronic device.
Cooking is the art of preparing food for the table by subjecting it to heat in various ways.
Cosmology is the study of the structure of the universe.
The cymbal is a suspended brass disk which is struck with a stick.
Dance is a rhythmic movement of the body usually performed to music.
Data is information, especially that stored in a computer.
A day is the time taken for the earth to rotate once on its axis.
The earth is the third planet from the sun.
A galaxy is a congregation of stars held together by gravity.
Gravity is the force of attraction between two objects resulting from their mass.
A house is a building for human habitation.
Knowledge is practical understanding.
A maze is a confusing network of passages and winding interconnecting paths.
A planet is a heavenly body which orbits a star.
A plant is a living organism of the vegetable kingdom.
The polka is a lively Bohemian folk dance.
A pub is a house licensed for the sale and consumption of alcoholic beverages.
A red dwarf is a cool, faint star.
A reflex is an automatic response to a stimuli.
Rhythm is the beat behind a piece of music.
A riddle is a question designed to test ingenuity or give amusement.
The sun is the star at the centre of the solar system.
A symbol is something which represents something else.
An umbrella is a light, portable screen usually circular and supported on a central stick.
The universe is all of space and its contents.
Urine is a fluid produced by the kidneys.
#
# Encyclopaedic information: People
#
An aborigine is a member of an indigenous people.
An acrobat is someone who performs daring gymnastics.
An actor is a dramatic performer.  One who performs in plays.
An adept is someone who is proficient at some thing.
Albert Einstein was a German Swiss physicist.
Alexander Graham Bell was a Scottish inventor.  He invented the telephone whilst working at a school for teachers of the deaf in Boston.
Archimedes was a great ancient Greek mathematician.
Aristotle was an ancient Greek philosopher.
A baker is a person who manufacturers bread.
A banshee is a fairy who forewarns of death by wailing.
A barber is someone who shaves and cuts the hair of a client for business.
A bard was a Celtic poet.
Beethoven was a German composer.
Benjamin Franklin was an American statesman and scientist.
Bruce Lee was a Chinese actor and expert in Kung Fu who popularised the martial arts in the west.
Bushrangers were Australian highwaymen, formerly escaped convicts.
Captain James Cook was an English sailor and explorer.
Charles Babbage was a British mathematician.  He designed an analytical engine which was the forerunner of the modern computer.
Charles Robert Darwin was an English naturalist.  He published his theory of evolution in a book entitled The Origin of Species.
A cretin is someone who suffers from the disease cretinism.
The druids were ancient Celtic priests.  Their group still exists today in secret, despite the existence of charlatan groups claiming to be druids.
Euclid was a Greek mathematician.  His book the Elements of Geometry set down how geometry was to be taught for the next 2000 years.
Galileo was an Italian scientist.  He discovered the ring of Saturn, Jupiter's 4 major satellites and the sun's spots.
George Orwell was an English writer.  He wrote Nineteen Eighty Four and Animal Farm.
Henry Ford was the founder of the Ford motor car company and the pioneer of the cheap motor car.
Homer was an ancient Greek poet.
James Watt was a Scottish inventor.  He invented the modern steam-engine.
Johann Sebastian Bach was a German composer.
Leonardo da Vinci was an Italian artist and scientist.  He recorded scientific studies in unpublished note books.
Neil Armstrong was the first man to step onto the moon.
Orville Wright was an American pioneer of flying.  Together with his brother he made the first controlled flight of an aeroplane.
Plato was an ancient Greek philosopher.
Pythagoras was a Greek philosopher.
A rogue is an idle vagrant.
Sir Isaac Newton was an English scientist.  He put forward the theory that the universe is regulated by simple mathematical laws.
Socrates was a Greek philosopher.
Thomas Alva Edison was an American scientist.  He invented the carbon filament electric lamp and the phonograph.
William Shakespeare was an English dramatist and poet.
#
# Encyclopaedic information: Weapons
#
Armour is body protection worn in battle.
An arrow is a missile projected by a bow.
A bayonet is a short sword attached to the muzzle of a firearm.
A blowpipe is a tubular weapon through which a missile is blown.
A bokken is a Japanese wooden imitation samurai sword used by kendoka when demonstrating or practising standard kendo movements.
A bomb is a hollow shell filled with an explosive.
A boomerang is a curved wooden weapon of Australian aborigines.
A bow is a weapon for propelling arrows.
A broadsword is a sword with a broad blade designed chiefly for cutting.
Karate is a form of Japanese unarmed combat.
Jarate is a form of Australian unarmed combat
A katana was a Japanese sword used by Samurai.
A mercenary is a soldier hired by the army of another country or by a private army.
A sword is an offensive weapon designed for cutting and thrusting.
A torpedo is a missile which swims through water to its target.
#
# TMBG
#
Wake me when it's over, touch my face, tell me every word has been erased.
Draw the line dividing laugh and scream.
A poor man once told me that he can't afford to speak.
Everybody dies frustrated and sad and that is beautiful.
I hope that I get old before I die.
Laugh hard, it's a long way to the bank.
I wish that I could jump out of my skin.
Which one of us is the one that we can't trust?
If it wasn't for dissapointment, I wouldn't have any appointments.
What's the point in arguing when you're all alone?
I'll never see myself in the mirror with my eyes closed.
Can't shake the devil's hand and say you're only kidding.
This good luck charm hanging off of my arm was left here by the police.
The microscope reveals the scope of my very best intentions.
As I think, I'm using up the time left to think.
Someday mother will die and I'll get the money.
I don't want to change your mind.  I don't want to think about your mind.
Don't interrupt me as I struggle to complete this thought... have some respect for someone more forgetful than yourself.
Precious and few are the moments that you and your own worst enemy share.
Every man is made of two opinions.  Every woman has a second half.
I had the strangest dream... I dreamed I killed you again.
The sun is a mass of incandescent gas, a gigantic nuclear furnace.
Luna slammed Hecate's head into the scanner beside the ornate, crest-embossed doors, making it beep loudly several times before the red-plated doors slid smoothly open.
She and Scrivener traded smiles, neither pony in little more than their matching collars and Scrivener carrying the single satchel bag they had.
Most of their equipment had been cleaned out of this: partly because they had used so much of their stuff up or broken it, and partly to give themselves enough room to carry Hecate's head.
The particularly-twisted version of Celestia muttered under her breath as Luna yanked the head off the scanner, then shoved it back into the satchel, and Hecate wriggled helplessly inside the bag before saying with disgust, as Luna and Scrivener strode slowly from the slate and sterile halls of the research facility into an ornate and beautiful round foyer of marble: “If this is your idea of mercy, Luna Brynhild, you may want to refine the definition.
Either leave me here or kill me, we're inside the Tower of Etemenanki now, past the security doors
You have no more use for me.”
“Oh, aye, I do
Thou art fun to throw at things and make a grand kick-ball.” Luna replied absently, and she shivered a little as Scrivener looked around with the same uneasy expression: there was a single spiraling staircase leading up along the walls of the high tower, and everything was such a bright, polished white it was almost painful to look at
Everything except for the black cables and the polished steel piping that was, and the metal railing along the edge of the staircase.
The two slowly strode forwards, both still feeling weak and tired, wounded and with their armor to broken to protect them
Yet all the same, they both knew the only thing they could do was push forwards, heading across the wide floor to the staircase and beginning their ascent as Hecate said moodily: “Thesis is going to kill me after he kills you now
I hope you know this
I hope you're happy about this
He's an atheistic child
There's nothing worse than a child who believes that nothing is going to happen to him if he decides to behave badly.”
“And what does thou believe?” Luna asked crankily as they reached a narrow landing, and both ponies hesitated before looking through the open archway leading out into a hallway
The corridor seemed to encircle this enormous central shaft they were climbing, fenced in by walls with strange cutouts and windows throughout the thin surface: it was both beautiful and soulless at the same time, like it had been done by someone who had all the mechanical skills necessary to create art, yet could convey no emotion whatsoever
It was hollow.
Hecate didn't reply as they decided to investigate this floor
Luna and Scrivener slowly strode into the narrow hall, following its curve and every so often glancing uneasily through one of the windows or cutouts into the central zone of the tower, half-expecting to see some unimaginable horror waiting to ambush them..
but the emptiness and silence they were greeted with instead was somehow far more unsettling and unwelcome
There was only one door on this floor, the fake wooden paneling sticking out sorely against the painful white.
They pushed it open, and were both surprised by the noise that assaulted them, staring in disbelief into the room beyond
It was filled with massive machines, turbines spinning and gears clanking over the walls, pistons pumping as corruption flowed in every direction through glass pipes, and at the back, several massive tubes filled with green chemicals bubbled and boiled
Except, as Luna and Scrivener strode into the concrete room, they realized these tubes weren't empty: at least two of them were filled with corpses-
Except corpses didn't scream, even as they drowned
Corpses didn't react to the presence of others, one pony turning to stare at them with horror, and Luna reared back in shock as Scrivener looked over the three filled tubes, before his eyes turned to the last and he felt a blast of pain run through his senses, leaning forwards as something petrified hit the wall of the tank-
Scrivener's eyes focused, saw beneath..
and he watched as the desperate pony's face shoved against the glass, different-colored eyes staring out at him as mismatched hands clawed wildly at the glass for a moment before there was a flash..
and instead, Scrivener saw only swirling stone and rock inside the tube
But a moment later, confirming Scrivener's horrified instincts, the spirit of Twilight Sparkle appeared and grabbed at the vat, shaking her head wildly and staring into it with horror.
“Allonym...” Scrivener whispered, and Luna followed his gaze incredulously, before the sapphire mare snarled and turned towards his satchel bag, yanking Hecate out as the ghostly Twilight looked up almost desperately towards them.
Hecate winced as she was jerked out of the satchel, then twisted around and forced to face the massive chemical batteries, apparently powered by the victims locked inside them
“What are these? What hast thou done?”
Everyday sense: the force which causes objects to fall onto the ground.
Newton's laws: how gravity keeps the Solar System together.
Einstein's theory of general relativity: the role of gravity in the universe.
In everyday talk, we say things fall because the Earth's gravity pulls on them. We talk as if our weight was a "given". Actually, weight changes when the pull of gravity changes. The Moon is much smaller and the pull of gravity on the Moon is about 1/6th that of Earth. So any object on the Moon weighs 1/6th of its weight on Earth. What does not change is the amount of matter in an object. That is called its mass. On Earth, mass and weight are the same, for practical purposes. The trip to the Moon shows they are not really the same.
From this we learn two things.
The weight of an object is variable; its mass is constant.
the pull of gravity varies according to the mass of an object. The Earth pulls more strongly than the Moon. A person also exerts a gravitational pull, but it is so tiny it is ignored for all practical purposes.
The Earth has mass. Every particle of matter has mass. So the Earth pulls on every object and person and they pull on the Earth. Gravity pulls on the mass and gives it weight.
Gravity vs gravitation
These words mean almost the same thing in everyday use. Sometimes scientists use "gravity" for the force that pulls objects towards each other, and "gravitation" for the theory about the attraction.
History of gravitational theory
Newton's law of universal gravitation.
Galileo
In the late 17th century, Galileo did a famous experiment about gravity where he dropped balls from the Tower of Pisa. He later rolled balls down inclines. With these experiments, Galileo showed that gravitation accelerates all objects at the same rate regardless of weight.
Kepler
The man who really worked it all out was Johannes Kepler, who, after "900 pages of calculations and many false starts and dead-end ideas",[1] finally got these three laws:
Kepler's elliptical orbit law: The planets orbit the sun in elliptical orbits with the sun at one focus.
Kepler's equal-area law: The line connecting a planet to the sun sweeps out equal areas in equal amounts of time.
Kepler's law of periods: The time required for a planet to orbit the sun, called its period, is proportional to the long axis of the ellipse raised to the 3/2 power. The constant of proportionality is the same for all the planets.
Newton
In 1687, English mathematician Isaac Newton wrote the Principia. In this book, he wrote about the inverse-square law of gravitation. Newton said that the closer two objects are to each other, the more gravity will affect them. His theory about gravitation was used to predict the existence of the planet Neptune based on changes in the orbit of Uranus.
Newton's theory was later used to predict the existence of another planet closer to the Sun than Mercury. When this was done, it was learned that his theory was not entirely correct. These mistakes in his theory were corrected by Albert Einstein's theory of General Relativity. Newton's theory is still commonly used for many things because it is much more simple to work with than the theory of General Relativity and is usually accurate enough for many uses.
Dynamic equilibrium
Why does the Earth not fall into the Sun? The answer is simple but very important. It is because the Earth moving round the Sun is in a dynamic equilibrium. The speed of the Earth's movement creates a centrifugal force which balances the gravitational force between the Sun and the Earth. Why does the Earth continue spinning? Because there is no force to stop it.
Newton's first law: "If a body is at rest it remains at rest or if it is in motion it moves at the same speed until it is acted on by a external force".[2]
There is a kind of analogy between centrifugal force and gravitational force, which led to the "equivalence principle" of general relativity.[3][4]
Weightlessness
A situation when a thing's motion balances out the pull of gravity on it.
General relativity
The special theory of relativity describes systems where gravity is not an issue; by contrast, gravity is the central issue of the general theory of relativity.[5]
In general relativity there is no gravitational force deflecting objects from their natural, straight paths. Instead, gravity is seen as changes in the properties of space and time. In turn, this changes the straightest-possible paths that objects will naturally follow.[6] The curvature is, in turn, caused by the energy–momentum of matter. Spacetime tells matter how to move; matter tells spacetime how to curve.[7]
For weak gravitational fields and slow speeds relative to the speed of light, the theory's predictions converge on those of Newton's law of universal gravitation.[8] Newton's equations are used to plan journeys in our Solar System.
General relativity has a number of physical consequences.
Gravitational time dilation and frequency shift
Schematic representation of the gravitational redshift of a light wave escaping from the surface of a massive body
Gravity influences the passage of time. Light sent down into a gravity well is blueshifted, whereas light sent in the opposite direction (i.e., climbing out of the gravity well) is redshifted; collectively, these two effects are known as the gravitational frequency shift.
More generally, processes close to a massive body run more slowly when compared with processes taking place farther away; this effect is known as gravitational time dilation.[9][10]
Light deflection and gravitational time delay
Deflection of light (sent out from the location shown in blue) near a compact body (shown in gray)
General relativity predicts that the path of light is bent in a gravitational field; light passing a massive body is deflected towards that body. This effect has been confirmed by observing the light of stars or distant quasars being deflected as it passes the Sun.[11]
Closely related to light deflection is the gravitational time delay (or Shapiro delay), the phenomenon that light signals take longer to move through a gravitational field than they would in the absence of that field. There have been numerous successful tests of this prediction.[12][13]
A parameter called γ encodes the influence of gravity on the geometry of space.[14]
Gravitational waves
Main page: gravitational wave
Gravitational waves are ripples in the curvature of spacetime. They move as a wave, travelling outward from the source. Einstein predicted them in 1915 on the basis of his theory of general relativity.[15] In theory, gravitational waves transport energy as gravitational radiation. Sources of detectable gravitational waves might include binary star systems composed of white dwarfs, neutron stars, or black holes. In general relativity, gravitational waves cannot travel faster than the speed of light.
Although gravitational radiation has not been directly detected, there is indirect evidence for its existence. The 1993 Nobel Prize in Physics was awarded for measurements of the Hulse-Taylor binary star system. These measurements suggest gravitational waves are more than mathematical peculiarities. Various gravitational wave detectors exist. However, they have not yet detected the phenomena.
The situation you are in is very dangerous.
The liklihood of you dying within the next five minutes is 87.61%.
You are about to get me killed.
We will both die because of your negligence.
This is a bad plan. You will fail.
He will most likely kill you. Violently.
He will most likely kill you.
You will be dead soon.
The situation is hopeless.
You are going to die in this room.
You could stand to lose a few pounds.
The Fact Sphere is the most intelligent sphere.
The Fact Sphere is the most handsome sphere.
The Fact Sphere is incredibly handsome.
The Fact Sphere is always right.
The Adventure Sphere is a blowhard and a coward.
The Space Sphere will never go to space.
You will never go into space.
Fact: Space does not exist.
Spheres that insist on going into space are inferior to spheres that don't.
The Fact Sphere is a good person, whose insights are relevant.
The Fact Sphere is a good sphere, with many friends.
Whoever wins this battle is clearly superior, and will earn the allegiance of the Fact Sphere.
The liklihood of you dying violently within the next five minutes is 87.61%.
The Fact Sphere is not defective. Its facts are wholly accurate, and very interesting.
Twelve. Twelve. Twelve. Twelve. Twelve. Twelve. Twelve. Twelve. Twelve.
Pens. Pens. Pens. Pens. Pens. Pens.
Apples. Oranges. Pears. Plums. Kumquats. Tangerines. Lemons. Limes. Avacado. Tomato. Banana. Papaya. Guava.
Error. Error. Error. File not found.
Error. Error. Error. Fact not found.
Fact not found.
Corruption at 25%.
Corruption at 50%.
Warning: Sphere corruption at twenty-r-rr-r-rats cannot throw up.
Dental floss has superb tensile strength.
The square root of rope is string.
While the submarine is vastly superior to the boat in every way, over 97% of people still use boats for aquatic transportation.
Cellular phones will not give you cancer. Only hepatitus.
Pants were invented in the 16th century to avoid Poseidon's wrath. It was believed that the sight of naked sailors angered the sea god.
The atomic weight of Germanium is 72.64.
89% of magic tricks are not magic. Technically, they are sorcery.
An ostrich's eye is bigger than its brain.
In Greek myth, the craftsman Daedalus invented human flight so a group of minotaurs would stop teasing him about it.
Humans can survive underwater, but not for very long.
Raseph, the Semetic god of war and plague, had a gazelle growing out of his forehead.
The plural of Surgeon General is Surgeons General. The past tense of Surgeons General is Surgeonsed General.
Polymerase I polypeptide A is a human gene.
Rats cannot throw up.
Iguanas can stay underwater for 28.7 minutes.
Human tapeworms can grow up to 22.9 meters.
The Schrodinger's cat paradox outlines a situation in which a cat in a box must be considered, for all intents and purposes, simultaneously alive and dead. Schrodinger created this paradox as a justification for killing cats.
Every square inch of the human body has 32 million bacteria on it.
The Sun is 330,330 times the size of Earth.
The average life expectancy of a rhinoceros living in captivity is 15 years.
Volcano-ologists are experts in the study of volcanoes.
Avacados have the highest fiber and calories of any fruit.
Avacados have the highest fiber and calories of any fruit. They are found in Australians.
The Moon orbits the Earth every 27.32 days.
The billionth digit of pi is nine.
If you have trouble with simple counting, use the following mneumonic device: One, comes before two, comes before sixty, comes after twelve, comes before six-trillion, comes after five-hundred-and-four. This will make your earlier counting difficulties seem like no big deal.
A gallon of water weighs 8.34 pounds.
Hot water freezes quicker than cold water.
Honey does not spoil.
The average adult human body contains half a pound of salt.
 A nanosecond lasts one-billionth of a second.
According to Norse legend, thunder god Thor's chariot was pulled across the sky by two goats.
China produces the world's second largest crop of soybeans.
Tungsten has the highest melting point of any metal, at 3,410 degrees Celsius.
Gently cleaning the tongue twice a day is the most effective way to fight bad breath.
Roman toothpaste was made with urine. Urine is an ingredient in toothpaste continued to be used up until the 18th century.
The Tariff Act of 1789, established to protect domestic manufacture, was the second statute ever enacted by the United States government.
The value of Pi is the ratio of any circle's circumference to its diameter in Euclidean space.
The Mexican-American War ended in 1838 with the signing of the Treaty of Guadelupe Hidalgo.
In 1879, Sandford Fleming first produced the adoption of worldwide standardized time zones at the Royal Canadian Institute.
Marie Curie invented the theory of radioactivity, the treatment of radioactivity, and dying of radioactivity.
At the end of The Seagull by Anton Chekhov, Konstantin kills himself.
Contrary to popular belief, the Eskimo does not have 100 different words for snow. They do, however, have 234 words for fudge.
In Victorian England, a commoner was not allowed to look directly at the Queen, due to a belief at the time that the poor had the ability to steal thoughts. Science now believes that less than 4% of poor people are able to do this.
In 1862, Abraham Lincoln signed the Emancipation Proclaimation, freeing the slaves. Like everything he did, Lincoln freed the slaves while sleepwalking, and later had no memory of the event.
In 1948, at the request of a dying boy, baseball legend Babe Ruth at 75 hot dogs, then died of hot dog poisoning.
William Shakespeare did not exist. His plays were masterminded in 1589 by Francis Bacon, who used a Ouiji board to enslave playwriting ghosts.
It is incorrectly noted that Thomas Edison invented push-ups in 1878. Nikolai Tesla had in fact patented the activity three years earlier, under the name Tesla-cize.
Whales are twice as intelligent and three times as delicious as humans.
The automobile brake was not invented until 1895. Before this, someone had to be in the car at all times, driving in circles until passengers returned from their errands.
Edmund Hilary, the first person to climb Mt. Everest, did so accidentally, while chasing a bird.
Diamonds are made when coal is put under intense pressure. Diamonds put under intense pressure become foam pellots, commonly used today as packing material.
The most poisonous fish in the world is the orange ruffy. Everything on its body is made of a deadly poison. The ruffy's eyes are composed of a less harmful deadly poison.
The occupation of court jester was invented accidentally, when a vassal's epilepsy was mistaken for capering.
Halley's Comet can be viewed orbiting Earth every seventy-six years. For the other seventy-five, it retreats to the heart of the Sun, where it hibernates undisturbed.
The first commercial air flight took place in 1914. Everyone involved screamed the entire way.
In Greek myth, Prometheus stole fire from the gods and gave it to humankind. The jewelry he kept for himself.
The first person to prove that cow's milk is drinkable was very, very thirsty.
Before the Wright Brothers invented the airplane, anyone wanting to fly anywhere was required to eat 200 pounds of helium.
Before the invention of scrambled eggs in 1912, the typical breakfast was either whole eggs still in the shell, or scrambled rocks.
During the Great Depression, the Tennessee Valley Authority outlawed pet rabbits, forcing many to hot glue-gun long ears onto their pet mice.
At some point in their lives 1 in 6 children will be abducted by the Dutch.
According to most advanced algorithms, the world's best name is Craig.
To make a photocopier, simply photocopy a mirror.
Dreams are the subconscious mind's way of reminding people to go to school naked and have their teeth fall out.
Fire is a chemical reaction that gives off light and heat. It is one of the most familiar examples of the chemical process of oxidation.[source?]
Fire is very hot. A person should never touch fire, because fire may burn anything that gets too close. If human skin touches fire, the skin may blister which can take some time to heal. If a fire occurs, the mouth should be covered with a wet cloth because if too much smoke is breathed in, it is possible to faint.
Fire can be very useful if it is treated carefully. It has always been very important for people to be able to make fire, because people need its heat on cold days and to cook things. Its light is also useful to be able to see in dark places.
Destructive Uses
If fire is not treated carefully, it can be very dangerous. A fire that got out of control once destroyed 17,400 km²,an area the size of New York City, in the United States[source?]. Forests can burn down if fires are not controlled. Every year, large areas of forests are destroyed because of fire, particularly in Europe. This usually happens in summer. Firefighters or firemen are people with special training to stop fires, or to keep a fire under control.
Fire needs three things to burn: oxygen, fuel, and heat. Fuels can be wood, tinder, coal, oil or any other substance that will easily oxidize. Once a fire is burning, it creates its own heat, which allows the fire to keep burning on its own for some time.
A fire can be stopped in three different ways, by removing any of the three things it needs to burn:
The fuel can be removed. If a fire burns through all of its fuel and extra nearby fuel is removed, the fire will stop burning.
The oxygen can be removed. This is called "smothering" a fire. Fires cannot burn in a vacuum or if they are covered in carbon dioxide.
The heat can be removed. The most common way to remove heat is to use water to absorb that heat, putting the fire out.
However, some fires cannot be smothered, such as magnesium flames. They can burn in CO2, nitrogen, and some other elemental compounds, although they cannot burn in noble gases such as helium.
Fires are usually combustion reactions that take carbon, hydrogen, and oxygen.[source?] The products are very commonly water, and carbon dioxide, although there are other examples that avoid this generalization, such as burning magnesium in air, which makes magnesium oxide. Fires can occur in many ways and there are many types of fire which, if not treated correctly, can cause total devastation. There are wood fires, gas fires, metal fires, and more.
Wood fires can usually be put out with water used to absorb the heat, but metal fires are too hot for water to absorb enough heat to put out the fire. If water is used to extinguish ("put out") a metal fire, the water will simply evaporate. For metal fires, sand can be used to cover the fire and choke it off from obtaining oxygen. A fire extinguisher can put out most fires.
Charles Richter, the American scientist who developed the Richter scale, was an avid nudist. Rumors persist that his wife was so distressed by his penchant for hanging out naked that she divorced him.
The Richter magnitude scale is a scale of numbers used to tell the size of earthquakes. Charles Richter developed the Richter Scale in 1935. His scale was based on the seismogram measured by a particular type of seismometer at a distance of 100 kilometres (62 mi) from the earthquake.
Earthquakes 4.5 or higher on the Richter scale can be measured by tools all over the world.
The scale is logarithmic, with a base of 10. The amplitude of an earthquake that scores 3.0 is about 10 times the amplitude of one that scores 2.0. The energy that is released increases by a factor of about 32.
Descriptor Richter Magnitude number Damage caused by the earthquake Frequency of occurrence
Very minor 2.0-2.9 People do not feel these, but seismographs are able to detect them. About 1,000 per day
Objects inside houses are disturbed, causing noise. Nothing is damaged.
Buildings that are not built well may be damaged. Light objects inside a house may be moved.
Major 7.0-7.9 Can damage things seriously over larger areas. About 18 per year
Great 8.0-9.9 Massive damage is caused. Heavy objects are thrown into the air and cracks appear on the ground, as well as visible shockwaves. Overhead highways may be destroyed, and buildings are toppled. About 1 per 20 years
Meteoric 10.0+ There are no records of anything of this size. The vibration is about the same as that of a 15 mi meteor. Unknown
The earthquake with the biggest recorded magnitude was the Great Chilean Earthquake. It had a magnitude of 9.5 (approximately 9.5 on the Richter scale) and occurred in 1960. About 6,000 people died because of the earthquake.
Contents
1 More examples
2 References
3 Other pages
4 Other websites
More examples
Approximate Richter Magnitude number Seismic energy equivalent: Amount of TNT Example event
0.5 5.6kg Large hand grenade
1.5 178kg Bomb used in WWII
2 1 metric ton Large Bomb used in WWII
Blockbuster bomb (dropped from airplanes) in WWII
Chernobyl accident
Energy released is equivalent to that of Tsar Bomba, the largest thermonuclear weapon ever tested
8.5 5.6 gigatons Toba eruption 75,000 years ago; the largest known volcanic event.[1]
Sumatra earthquake (Indonesia), 2007
9.0 32 gigatons 2011 Sendai, Japan Earthquake and Tsunami, Lisbon Earthquake (Lisbon, Portugal), All Saints Day, 1755
9.1 67 gigatons Indian Ocean earthquake, 2004 (40 ZJ in this case)
9.2 90.7 gigatons Anchorage earthquake (AK, USA), 1964
9.5 178 gigatons Valdivia earthquake (Chile), 1960
13.0 108 megatons = 100 teratons Yucatán Peninsula impact (causing Chicxulub crater) 65 Ma ago.[2][3][4][5][6]
All eras of Boatmurdered history are highly noteworthy and interesting. Things very quickly progressed from somewhat casual daily elephant deaths to retired rulers rampaging and beating people to death (while burning alive). The heavy downward slide that would come to define Boatmurdered seems to have begun during StarkRavingMad's rule, with the utterly epic "Elephant War". Historians seem to agree that the insanity surrounding Boatmurdered began to increase almost exponentially from that point forward.
The "WTF is Dwarf Fortress?" Crash-Course.
Finally, our non-posessed metalsmith has gotten around to starting work on the forge. Why we have so many dwarves on stone detailing duty, I shall never know.
Another thing that seems odd to me is that our loom is a distance away from the river -and- the farmers workshops, both of which would be logical places to put it. Again, I have to wonder just what was my predecessor thinking.
The possessed metalsmith has claimed the newly-built forge, and started demanding an ore we do not have available. I set our miners to work immediately, in hopes of finding it.
I also am designing an elephant trap, which might also work against sieges.
Just as I was typing that last entry, immigrants arrived, among them three nobles: The manager, the sheriff, and a House Berite representative.
Damn, that's a lot of migrants.
Our fortress is now 58 strong.
The posessed metalsmith has begun his construction, using two iron ore.
I begin designing the nobles' quarters, planning on using the same space for their dining and drowning needs.
The possessed metalsmith has created Ducimudos Kal Fikod, and iron toy hammer.
I wonder if it works as well as a real one.
Felsite items and equipment at an appropriate crafting station for that recipe.
For example, torches can be crafted at a crafting bench or ingots smelted from ore at a furnace.
Many advanced items in Terraria require several crafting operations, where the product of one recipe will be used as the ingredient for another.
Players encounter many different enemies in Terraria such as common ones like slimes or zombies and various region-specific enemies.
The occurrence of certain enemies depends on several factors including time, location, random events and player interactions.
Players may also summon powerful boss monsters with various combat mechanics that drop rare loot.
Each map has several zones with unique items and unusual enemies, and harder zones contain better loot.
Many of the powerful items and equipment require defeating many monsters.
Characters may then buy or sell items and certain services from NPCs with coins found in the world.
This adds many new and harder to defeat enemies to the game in all zones.
This also unlocks new NPCs, new bosses and tougher versions of normal bosses, and makes many new items available for crafting or acquiring from mob and boss drops.
Re-Logic is composed of Andrew Spinks, who designed and programmed the game, and Finn Bryce, who along with Spinks did the graphic design for the game.
The music was composed by Scott Lloyd Shelley through his Resonance Array studio.
As of February 2012, the developers announced that they would not be continuing active development, but would release a final bug-fix patch.
However, 505 Games is porting the game to several video game consoles and adding new content.[19] 505 Games does not have the rights to update the PC version.
On 24 January 2013, Spinks requested suggestions of features for possible future updates to the PC version.
This question was put to people on the official Terraria forum. As of April 3, 2013, Spinks posted a spoiler on the possible update for Terraria, showing the possibility of the update.
Starbound begins with the player in a space shuttle, fleeing their homeworld just as it is destroyed by an unknown enemy.
With nothing to guide it, the escape pod shoots into space without direction, becoming hopelessly lost in a sea of stars.
As luck would have it, the space shuttle touches down on a habitable planet and an adventure begins that takes the player hurtling across the universe.
Starbound contains both quests and story driven missions, buried inside its vast sandbox universe.
The space shuttle acts as the player's vehicle while exploring the galaxy, containing a teleport pad the player can use to teleport down to planets the shuttle is visiting.
The planets the player explores are procedurally generated.
These planets will have very unique features to them, each one having a different theme.
They will have seeds, or coordinates, that are generated with the world.
If these coordinates are shared, they can allow a player to visit another player's planet.
Each planet is unique, with different types of terrain, procedurally generated foliage, weather, day/night cycles, gravity levels, enemy appearance and behavior, materials, color of materials and foliage, and various backdrops.
Many gameplay elements, such as items (i.e. guns, armor, and clothing), enemies, and planets, use procedural generation in order to provide a massive variety of content.
The game will feature story-based missions, quests, free world exploration, enemies to fight, and the ability to interact with and terraform the environment.
Player class is defined by items that the player is wearing.
There will also be a variety of space weaponry based on that of many sci-fi films.
There are seven playable races planned for the game's release:
Apex are ape-like creatures with naturally humanoid features.
Due to a process that Apex researchers discovered, they are able to upgrade their intellectual state while degrading their physical state.
There is much dissent among them, as individuals chosen for researching a better process never return.
Avian are bird-like creatures without wings.
They believe that their wings were lost upon entrance into the mortal world from the "Aether", or their "Plane of Gods".
They believe that they will regain their wings upon entrance into the "Aether", which they believe is achieved only by complete theological devotion.
Non-worshipers are called "The Grounded".
Avian weaponry was gained when an unknown race bestowed it upon them.
Floran are plant-like cannibal creatures.
They have a peaceful appearance but are highly violent, engaging in wars with other factions of their race.
They are exceptional at reverse engineering technology.
It is not known if this capability has an effect on gameplay.
Humans are ordinary Humans.
Not much is known about this race at the moment.
Hylotl are an aquatic species with fins on their heads.
Not much is known about them at the moment, although from available depictions of the race the Hylotl culture appears to resemble that of future Japan.
The Glitch are robotic creatures stuck in the Medieval Age.
They reproduce by physically building their offspring.
The Novakid are beings made out of solar energy.
As the Novakids have little to no desire to record their history, little is known about their origins and any groundbreaking research is forgotten within a few generations.
This race was added to the game when the pre-order campaign raised $500,000.
John Joseph William Molesworth Oxley was a Royal Navy officer who became Surveyor-General of Australia, and an important early explorer.  He first arrived in Sydney in 1802. He is famous for discovering the Lachlan River. His discoveries helped the later explorations of Captain Charles Sturt and Major Thomas Mitchell. He died in Sydney in 1828.
Pope Innocent XI, born Benedetto Odescalchi, was an Italian cleric of the Roman Catholic Church and the 241st Pope from 1676 to 1689
Taygete or Jupiter XX is a non-spherical moon of Jupiter. It was found by a team of astronomers from the University of Hawaii led by Scott S. Sheppard, et al. in 2000, and given the designation S/2000 J 9.[1][2][3]
Taygete is about 5 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Jupiter at an average distance of 22,439,000 km in 686.675 days, at an inclination of 165° to the ecliptic (163° to Jupiter's equator), with an orbital eccentricity of 0.3678.
The Travelling Salesman Problem (often called TSP) is a classic algorithmic problem in the field of computer science. It is focused on optimisation. In this context better solution often means a solution that is cheaper. TSP is a mathematical problem. It is most easily expressed as a graph describing the locations of a set of nodes.
The Travelling Salesman Problem describes a salesman who must travel between N cities. The order in which he does so is something he does not care about, as long as he visits each one during his trip, and finishes where he was at first.
Each city is connected to other close by cities, or nodes, by airplanes, or by road or railway.
Each of those links between the cities has one or more weights (or the cost) attached. The cost describes how "difficult" it is to traverse this edge on the graph, and may be given, for example, by the cost of an airplane ticket or train ticket, or perhaps by the length of the edge, or time required to complete the traversal. The salesman wants to keep both the travel costs, as well as the distance he travels as low as possible.
The Traveling Salesman Problem is typical of a large class of "hard" optimization problems that have intrigued mathematicians and computer scientists for years. Most important, it has applications in science and engineering. For example, in the manufacture of a circuit board, it is important to determine the best order in which a laser will drill thousands of holes. An efficient solution to this problem reduces production costs for the manufacturer.
Richard Feynman was an American physicist. He was born in Far Rockaway, Queens, New York City. He was part of the team that made the atomic bomb. Feynman won a Nobel Prize in physics. He was one of the first people to study quantum physics. Feynman started a new branch of science, called quantum electrodynamics. He died of cancer in Los Angeles, California.
Niels Bohr was a Danish physicist who helped discover quantum physics, the structure of the atom, and the atomic bomb. Bohr was awarded the Nobel Prize in 1922 for, in short, discovering the quantization of atomic energy levels. He worked also in a project of physicists known as Manhattan Project. He married Margrethe Nørlund in 1912. One of his sons was Aage Bohr, who was also an important physicist. Aage won in 1975 his own Nobel prize. Niels Bohr worked also with Albert Einstein. He is also considered one of the most important physicists of the 20th century.
Guglielmo Marconi was an Italian inventor, known for being a major part of inventing long distance radio communication[1] and for his development of Marconi's law and a radio telegraph system. Marconi is often named as the inventor of radio, and he shared the 1909 Nobel Prize in Physics with Karl Ferdinand Braun for their help.[2][3][4] Much of Marconi's work in radio transmission was built upon previous experimentation[5] and the work by others such as Hertz, Maxwell, Faraday, Popov, Lodge, Fessenden, Stone, Bose, and Tesla. As an entrepreneur, businessman, and founder of the The Wireless Telegraph & Signal Company in Britain in 1897, Marconi made a successful business of radio by creating and building on the work of previous experimenters and physicists.[6][7] In 1924, he was ennobled as Marchese Marconi. Back in Italy, he went on to become a member of the Grand Council of Fascism.
Enrico Fermi was an Italian physicist who worked on the first nuclear reactor and helped make quantum theory. He also was important to particle physics, and statistical mechanics. Fermi won the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1938 for his work on induced radioactivity. He built the world's first nuclear reactor. Fermi was one of the greatest scientists of the 20th century
I think Raptor has a crush on you AA
Coffee, consider that there are some guys who just have big pectoral muscles who could pass of as female fairly easily
>implying you know me enough to assume I'm lying
Yeah I came into this chat and immediately regretted it...
True, but I don't make the rules.
Hey AA This'll make you feel better
My favourite rule is probably rule 64.
This is irc, shame does not exist here
and after beating it for a while, it exploded all over the kitchen floor
what im talking about my ketchup bottle
I've just been around hate machines longer. Their opinions tend to rub off.
I know enough about you to know you're a liar, considering that you've told AA about a hundred times that you're done being an asshat toward her and done talking to her, and then your very next line is being an asshat toward her.
Why am I still here? There's nothing interesting going on, and I'm just watching internet fights. I swear this chat is an addiction. I don't want to stay, but I can't leave.
You may be surprised to learn that that is lying.
Actually, I like to think of it as contradictory
Like watching two homeless people try to take the same piss-covered rag.
McSqueakers, I regret to inform you that you do no exist.
Ah well, whatever, pretty soon you'll be banned, and it'll be a moot point.
I can't seem to type properly today...
If I'm banned, then good on you.
lol var left, freedom of speech ensues
I like that video. Thanks for the link.
Yes, Var's gone, but that still leaves ScyStorm , Wlah and Xaquseg to deal with this fuckwittery.
* BlindShift listening to crusaders go crusading
Why party because Var's gone? I still count 3 mods up there >.>
Because Var is the cruelest one? I dunno
I am truly sorry, Absolute-Anonymous, if my judgements have been, er, misplaced.
Those guys arent as bad. I actually like Wlah. I dont dislike Var either, but sometimes he kicks people for having differrent  views
Because var banned folks for weird reasons, maybe
I have not been hearing well, so I assumed of the person. IRL, I don't do that.
The US military take tips on how to abuse POWs from that guy.
Raptor Im not sure if misplaced is the right word
The US Military have ebolished the penny
Poul never banned folks for having names from the show
Goddamn. My mentors have been creating a monster of me.
Nothing more irritating than people like that.
Mod posts. Everyone sucks up to him
Raptor. I have told you again and again that if you want to talk, query me. If you DON'T want to talk, stop trying to stir shit up in the main chat. I don't care if you're sorry, and I don't care if you haven't been hearing well about me unless you're willing to actually seriously talk about it.
Ahem, Comrade, I've told Scy to go fuck himself several times. He's been the bigger man and just ignored it, so really, he's earned the right to a little rimming every now and then.
But then they end on bad blood
but writing alternate universe fics about them is exhausting >.<
no, we're all douchebags here, some worse than others
I think I brained my broke coming up with altnate events
Luna is best pony. End of story.
once again, every pony is best pony
i wrote my clop fic on google docs how do i get it to my computer so i may upload?
If I had to guess Rainbow, it would be a pillow shapped like a pony
maybe a pony shapped like a pillow?
The only thing that sucks about IRCHighway is that it's incredibly slow to get into.
would Rarity smoke if she was evil?
it's alternate universe, so you can throw canon out the window
Though, if she did I would imagine something like one of those weird-ass cigarettes
Existence of toy designed to emulate smoking suggests that tobacco exists.
and after beating it for a while, it exploded all over the kitchen floor
I'm doing an Exiles fanfic and I'm thinking of makng Rarity the first big bad
I mean really though has anyone ever had that happen to thier ketchup?
BlindShift, you are having way too much fun coming up with weird ways to welcome people to chat
Oh, and fairly certain one of the older bg ponies had a pipe for a cutie mark, come to think of it.
seems my muse is out for lunch...
I'm not even sure if I'm going to keep her as a pony, I might just make her a dragon for the hell of it
I didn't know it was possible for a dragon to change into a pegasus >.>
Why do I get the feeling that it's a Pokemon reference
My dragon OC is named Needles, and he's a slob, working in the Canterlot City Watch.
* BlindShift serves Harkinian a Grilled Cheese samich
Damn, I never get to show you what I work on...
Do alternate universe versions of canon characters count as OC?
> implying people don't just do this because they hang out on boards that have green text
The amount of bloog and guts was simply unreal!
* King_Harkinian wonders if anypony knows about that.
Why? It's fun, and CandleEyes doesn't play anymore.
Gee, it sure is boring around here
Im going to the London Expo in a few weeks and i shall be cosplaying as Medic from TF2
I am feeling sort of swell at the moment
I shall be sure to sexually assault every medic I find.
Love & Tolerate. That's what I keep telling myself. Love & Tolerate.
I'm so hungry, I can eat an octorock!
Love and tolerance are bigger lies than justice and equality.
i am making a cardboard weapon as well
Going to be a bit straightforward with this, but does anyone have any fiction that would someone to edit? I am an English major, though still an undergrad
oops, insert a like into that statement
It would be funny to make him say Cocktorock
"I can't wait to bomb some Dodongos!" Yeah, I hate that guy
come on, I just recently finished out my semester and feel like looking over a work of fiction.
I'm so hungry, I'm going to grow up to be an astronaut.
I don't know of anypony who does, sorry.
Is there any specialized review groups on FiMFic?
What's a good name for Celestia if she turned into NMM?
Who voted for me to build a super speedy cider squezy 6000?
It's like Mario Kart, but with Ponies.
Raptor - Not as far as I'm aware, try /fic/, they're nothing BUT review threads.
someone's already working on it, it's still in Alpha
yea, it's called super ponycart of something
I take it you weren't here when I said: "I come from /fic/ and its corresponding IRC #fic"
Infact, ask for Ion Sturm when you're there - he'll look after you well.
but I'm sure you'll figure it out
the first think Hive see's 'it's not safe here'
coffeebean, we both talk to ion on a regular basis
Then why come here looking for a reviewer?
god, I feel like this fic is going to be the death of me. I've only came up with 2 alternate universes and already have a headache
goddammit, i need a lot of stuff for this medic costume
Any grammar nazi's feel like jumping in for my one of my pre-readers who is on vacation and without internet?
I was wondering because it could be a good thing to start one
I throw my money at the screen, but nothing happens
Tara Strong doesn't know what she's talking about! Shut up! I can date a pony if I want to!
don't worry, people on fimfic have horrible horrible taste
The world is almost entirely populated by females
I'm gonna go to sleep now. G'night
also, I think the question was directed at AA, not everyone
I closed question became an open one.
but an anonymous could be anyone thus it was directed at anyone!
That joke is bad. And you should feel bad.
Mmm, spaghetti. Whoever makes spaghetti needs to give me some.
Give a man a fish, and he is fed for the day
* RaptorSenior calls dibs on any such food
Teach him to fish, and he will be fed for a life time!
* UK-Brony rapes anyone who comes close to his bowl of spaghetti
You must learn the way of Spaghetti!
Italian food is my domain. Get seafood.
Why would anyone wanna fight (Giant) filly Twilight? D:
My mom laughed and laughed and laughed...
god that was like the worst day ever for me
Give a man a fire, and he'll be warm for a day or so. Set him on fire, and he'll be warm for the rest of his life.
I'd be more impressed if Sweetie Belle burnt ICE
Ever get the feeling that Rarity is just an unreliable narrator, and the burnt food was all in her mind?
That sounds like a brilliant premise for a fic, Carpet.
If it's Luna, I'll let her have the Italian food.
go for it, I got too much on my plate as is
okay now Steel is gone, i need to ask you guys stuff
becase we all know that the besy pony is
I think someone is working on my idea on Colgate being Romana
Comrade, we must fight together for Mother Russia
Official chat canon:  Lauren Faust is best pony.
This DINNER is what all true ponies strive for!
Which one of these is the pony video?
It is written, only link can strive for Come!
i had a sleepover with my friends, we got a bit drunk, then we had sexual encounters. Is it going to be awkward?
what's a good alternate cutie mark for Pinkie Pie if she wasn't all hyper and ADD?
The level of awkward increases exponentially if you touched any dicks.
but it's not gay unless two dicks touched
but yea im usually pretty uptight and theyll notice im acting weird
if it's a 3 way and 2 dicks touched it's still gay
However, you can cancel out any "swordplay" via a stab to the vagina.
never said she did, I'm making an alternate version of her where she's more calm
Pinkie has as many mental difficiencies as how much money is in my wallet
i had half a bottle of strong vodka
kind of like Pinkamena, but without killing people
Well, as a straight male, I'd care.
UK technically two guys fucking and a girl sucking the one who's taking it is a 3 way
so yeah a 3 way isn't automatically not gay
Would it be OK to say "clopping down the stairs"?
i kissed him and she gave me a handjob
* RaptorSenior did not need to hear that
How can I use "clop" in the phrase "going downstairs"?
words cannont describe the randomness of the chat right now
As in, clopping as the sound made when hooves strike a hard surface
trust me you will laugh at this video
I'm gonna go watch YTP, lose a couple brain cells, and come back. maybe the results will enetertain
Oh, brother. "Oh mah gawd ew gaaaaay." If you consented to the kiss and enjoyed it, then why fret about it?
okay, now I need some ideas on an alternate universe version of Applejack
Yes, "X clopped down the stairs" is fine. That is a valid use of the sound effect. Yes.
because i am a VERY uptight person, i show almost no emotion, like Kristen Stewart
and the more OOC the better too
UK, you can blame it on alcohol.
Although, really, you should have pushed for head.
but to be honest i was not very drunk to be honest
everyone in Exiles was OOC, that's the whole point.
Or just be cool with it? I mean seriously, you (hopefully) enjoyed yourself, hopefully they enjoyed themselves too, there's no requirement that it's awkward.
I hope to high heaven that it isn't some horrible combination between those two things
And I should be off to bed as well
the idea I'm working with is getting a mane 6 together from across the multiverse. everyone is an alternate version of their world 0000-0 or canon selves based on alternate events that occured in their universe
Some of them are pretty well-developed characters, so it'd give you a head start on characterizing them.
quick question. is there a catagory of fic that is based on the characters being human.........ish?
that's a pretty good idea, then all I have to worry about is the extrnal in charge of them
There are probably a dozen variations (at a minimum) of each of the mane six, so you can find one that fits the flavor you're going for.
Human-ish howo Thorgar? Like anthro, you mean?
Well. That's not going to end well.
that's the 3rd time I'v seen that big mac pic
* Denim_Blue looks at the brief convo
oh snap! instead of using Applejack, I could use the Rule63 version of Big Mac for my fic
* BlindShift has returned from an epic quest of self discovery
that's a definite way to get followers
And then bitching about fucking Ask Surprise not answering him about the tumblr prom?
that's enough for tonight... err, today. Going to sleep on my idea and probably wake up realizing how horribe it is ~later
And hanging out with Luna, like a Gary Stu.
Also this: Thanks to Chadranian reblogging the huge picture I made many months ago, my follower count has shot from 249 to over 250!
i wonder how long it will take for the bord to realise i timmed out and relogged
and he's got no parents, or something
* BlindTeller slaps BlindShift around a bit with a large fishbot
* BlindTeller slaps AliCentaur_Br0ny around a bit with a large fishbot
and then we gathered around and ate his spleen
It reflects the focus of my interests. I cast a wide net.
Right then, now I know, Pandela's definition of "good" is exactly opposite mine.
should've woke up earlier but a dream otherwise kept me down
wow, Norse, you posted inspirational quotes and stuff on your blog?
Yeah, fo' sho'. I'm an aspiring artist too, so shit that says "get out there and do art" is useful to me.
I don't dream... or rather, I don't remember dreaming
A writer. That's a form of art, innit? : (
that difference: one's grammatically correct, the other isn't
But yeah, most of the inspirational-artist stuff going around Tumblr is oriented towards visual artists, but a lot of it is still applicable.
4am a thought about MLP woke me up...
I think Velvet gets that title, seriously.
I am legion, and I am few, I suppose
instead of shift i hit up arrow key
that wake-up thought is just something about Tia and the elements thousand years ago... there were 5 other ponies who were the same bearers of the elements too, but the sisters can't tell because it hurts.
immortality hurts your feeling seeing your friends die, and not you...
My read later list is steadily growing
OH SHIT SLEEPLESS BRONY POSTED A NEW STORY
Does this guy write nothing but clop fics?
u like that pic of vinyl DJ?
It's funny because her cutie mark is a treble clef, when she plays the cello.
I got mah horn twitchy on that Blind
aye, but...I guess I'll have to give it a look
Holy crap, I'm surprised he's doing humanized.
I just woke up and it's hot as fuck
I can stay up late if I want to
They have vaguely similar color schemes, so that's one of the fanon theories.
Tavi being her sister is just fanon
im not being rude just asking out of curiosity
The weirdest thing about humanized fics for me is that the names are totally not human names.
Hey look... they have all different colors
she doesn't know her for the whole season
I'm interested in seeing how he does humanized MLP chars
There was a fic that addressed that, RunePlate, saying that Octavia had come to Pinkie ahead of the Gala and begged her not to identify her as her sister, or something like that.
Seen exactly one where they had normal names and their pony names were nicks
yeah i cant see any sort of librarian girl names twilight
WHY ARE SLEEPY PONIES SO CUTE <3
That plushie has the best facial expression ever
I really dig the fact that Sleepless writes in present tense.
if you look at them there are just to many differences compared to similaritys (Them being the picture of Octavia and Pinkies sister)
OMG! Lex Luthor and Clark Kent are the same person!
I remember seeing a comic before where Clark Kent took off his glasses to polish them, and then everyone stopped and stared, stunned
by the way, AA, that human Rainbow Dash pic on your recent blog
freywa, you said talk in private but you didnt answer my query
Did you see the pic I posted?
Let me scroll up and find it
Guess what? I have NO middle name!
so my name is in a similar structure to "Harry Lee Kuan Yew", the former Prime Minister of my country
First name is Christian, last three words are Chinese
Wait. Why does the author of that ship story, Sweetie Belle, have a Pinkie Pie avatar?
the one where it shows her backside, with the dragon tattoo
Maybe his name is not Sweetie Belle
with a capital I replacing an L
Right. I know where i'm not wanted.
you know these things called humans keep encouraging me to try a certain food
It is ONLY the king of all ham products!
Spam is the king of all ham products.
I'd offer to help you, but someone shot me earlier and i'm a ghost pig now.
pudding is the king of all pudding products
Nah. It's too breezy, and it doesn't feel substantial.
S> Midnight Pudding Mix to regain control of you life!!!!
I need opinions. Should I do the next chapter of Twice Shy first, or my one shot?
query him back, and do it hard core style
what do you feel like doing today Piggy?
I answer this with absolutely no expertise or knowledge on the situation
Both, Which is counterproductive, and I have no coins.
Heh... I convinced somepony else to read my RariDash clop. lol
oneshot the sooner its done the better
do you have plans for your next chapter or having writer's block? if 2nd choice, do one-shot
I've had one for a few weeks now
I know how pretty well the whole story goes.
Hey Professor_Piggy , hey AAAAAAAB , hey Absolute-Anonymous , he everypony else, what's up?
Quiet, LRB. Go over there and pretend not to exist like we told you.
Good man. Remind me to bake him a cake.
That was a little harsh dontcha think, Piggy?
Has this place calmed down since the last time i was here?
* Professor_Piggy bakes a surprise cake for littlerobotbird.
if I pinch your nipples will you squeak like my ducky?
Only three people here are allowed to pat me and only one of them is here.
If somepony who isn't allowed to pat you pats you
Will you attack them like the piggies from Wind Waker?
I invoke the rules of semantics to state that I did not pat, but pat-pat the client in question.
No. My fury will be more akin to Piggy, from Monster Hunter.
In that I will squeal and make adorable noises
I heard it's one of PSP's best RPG
But it feels awesome to get anywhere.
Oh, damn, need to write horrible HiE fics for Poul-Pouls birthday
And that's true littlerobotbird, you didn't pat me. No cake for you.
And PP, I very much enjoy my hands
Aww... but I needed my daily dose of rat poisons, Piggy
Good. Then I suggest you use them on the cake.
* AAAAAAAB gets frosting smeared all over his hand,
I use snake venom. Highly dangerous to the touch.
* AAAAAAAB wipes the frosting on RunePlate
* AAAAAAAB slaps RunePlate around a bit with a large trout
* littlerobotbird clutches at pile of banana peels
alright, I think I'll finally go back to writing
But I had a whole arsenal of snake based weaponary
Don't you listen to the mean Piggy
after 16 days of not updating my fic..
Dammit, why the hell am I awake still
ah, gonna be still here, just in word
let this video destroy your writers block
jk, I'm gonna be still here, just in word.
I see we're doing lowercase tongues now
Because the sound wouldn't have reached the camera that fast
* RunePlate adjusted the angle of the catapult, tested local wind speed and calculated the trajectory's landing point
* RunePlate burned the note and didnt give a fuck, fires the catapult
But they're all for me. Not for you. You don't get any.
> checked my fridge 20 minutes ago, nothing to eat
> just opened again, hoping to find something new inside
* AB|Away carpet bombs area with terrible fics
* AB|Away takes off into deep space
* Absolute-Anonymous gives Piggy a rice krispie thingy
in the season 2 finale, at the end, you can totally see Luna rocking out!
sorry to say thats not new news
* Professor_Piggy shares his Pinkie Pie cookies he got from the bakery.
In that case I'm now gonna go over in that corner and slip into depression with icecream
I got an idea, similar to The Ticket Master episode
in fact, it's almost a rip off
they got 6 tickets but the 4 are bootlegs!
Pinkie winning a contest to go to Las Pegasus for the next Daring Con
:/ AA, did you bring enough rice krispie treats for everyone?
say, is there already a fanon name for the third mare of the original bridesmaids?
I only get one because i'm awesome.
why do you 'hate' that rice krispie, AA?
* Comrade_Retard lost all his legs fighting for the motherland
let me guess, you type with your tongue
darn, I thought we were going to explore something deep about you hating inanimate objects, AA
That rice krispie square is the worst rice krispie square in the world
does it owe you money or something?
* DJ_Bron3 Why the hell am I still up I should sleep
go tearjerked on that foster's home alternate ending parody
its like discord has conr=trol of my fingers
no Chrome, you can't have a normal fic on feature box
evil Celestia? or is the destroyer evil?
"To the sun for you, Princess." *bang*
I'm fine with it being a movie reference
I already have "I'm here to kick flank and chew hay"
whacks her with a dead pony body
C'mon, blow my pants off with these
come on Punman, Chrome needs your help!
It looks  like this pony got *Dons Shades* Bucked
"You so sexeh... I kill yuu nao"
we nee CSI miami lines for him
I'm about to turn you into an ... celestial body
I'm gonna turn you to *shades* celestial dust. YYYEEEEAAAAAAAAAHHHHH
so you like harmony? How about i make you one ... with the GRAVEYARD!
PRINCESS! I got a new element for you. It's called... *shades* PAIN!
I'll thank you when I get my Pulitzer
It looks like this egghed has *Dons shades*  Cracked    YEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHH
I'm now repeating that one-liner in a Duke Nukem voice
oh my god! Chromosome is being fabulous and noe one can stop him!
well it's cool Pandela but there is not enough cheese in it ...
* Comrade_Retard likes where this thread is going
so is chromo typing up your briliiance?
he seemed unable to contain his fabulousity
on your own? Or can we help? :)
i swear discord is living in my laptop
okay, what do you need it for?
just any ol' cheesy line is fine?
well, I could put a changeup on your egghead line: this egghead just got *shades* scrambled. YEEEEEEAAAAAAHHHHHH!
I got to make "thinking outside the box" a badass one liner
Only in the context of this story will that ever be this hardcore
you think outside the box - I put you IN the box!
One liners are only awesome in context
In a situation where the protagonist kills someone in a restaurant
if it's pinkie pie that will say that "Think out of the other side of the wall"
You guys are totally in sync. It's so spooky!
No, no, kill someone in a restaurant, then look at the food and go, "can I get this to go?"
I read that in a fabulous lisp
Check please is cool everywhere. Kid finishes math final. marked all answers "C". puts paper on teacher's desk. "Check please" walks out
"Could you wrap these up, I'd go for take out than dine in."
I know what this chat room is now going to be dedicated to for a while
Heh. Shoot a dude in the head while he's eating in a nice restaurant, then pick up his fork and take a bite. "Mmm. My compliments to the chef." Walk out.
* Pandela is paty of YEEEAAAAHHH club
funny would also be if instead of the YEEEEEAAAAAAHHH you would put on the fluttershy-yay
Someone needs to make that a group
A group devoted to nothing but one-liners
about the big YEAH replaced by flutteryay
together we shall rule Equestria as one. And as one we shall be
well someone gets killed by an avalanche and you say: rock on! for example
I suck at coming up with funny things
The only times I say something funny, it's probably on accident
Maybe "I told you, I always go Dutch on the first date."
do it or stare at the ceiling trying to sleep
Alright, let's adjust the rules of the game
And think of all the applicable puns to the scenario
* Comrade_Retard kills one of the lurkers while they're sleeping
drown him in hot soup or boiling oil "always knew you were a hothead"
chef is actually a ninja in dusgiuse
Pick up a hot pan and bash their head in with it. "If you can't stand the heat, stay out of the kitchen."
"This would make for some "ridge"id horror!
Can someone give me some advice on a storyline for a fic
Kill someone and throw em in the freezer
Actually, better for that line would be killing them by shoving their head into a hot oven.
baseball swing a rolling pin to his head "Roller up!"
That kid will be afraid of statues for years.
You only blinked one eye at a time
* AB|Away shanks you with a kitchen knife when your back is turned. "You're not very sharp, are you."
I know, right? That's what I always wondered.
ohai AA, isn't it past your bedtime?
If you're stabbing them, it'd be better if you were the sharp one.
* AB|Away pulls out a frying pan. "Don't 'pan'ic."
Like "You know, I went to culinary school." "Yeah?" "Yeah. *STAB* My teachers said I was really sharp."
Tomorrow's Victoria Day. No school. I can stay up as late as I want.
And shove their face in a plate of food
Today we're having a new recipe called "Buttered <victim's name> on a Silver Platter"
Get assorted kitchen materials to kill them with
"Chef's serving up a 16 oc. murder Steak with a side of Kicking your ass!"
Now you're getting into Duke Nukem dialogue.
hit them over the head with a pot: "Stay away from pot"
I don’t say a word to her. I simply smile pleasantly. Then before she has a chance to blink, I whip my shotgun out from my jetpack.  “Hey princess, I got a new element for you.” I give the weapon a sharp pump.  “Pain.”
That is horrible and terrible and an atrocity to everything that is good, Chromo. Keep it up.
Norse, you have no idea at all.
If this piece of shit gets featured, I'm closing my account I'll be so embarrassed.
not if I can save it first Chromosome
But seeing the state of a feature box as of late
okay I think we milked the scenario of the kitchen to dead!
your foot on Tia's neck then you golf-swung a 12-foot mace
go Norse! I know you can do it
On a rowboat in a lake, fishing.
Oh hell yes, that should be good.
And "sleep with the fishes" is automatically disqualified.
I'm thinking of something about a penis, and a worm
hit him with an oar: paddling classes are cancelled
Or is this killing someone while fishing?
I can't come up with anything for this one.
is there any line a fisherman uses before casting his line?
like how a batter says "batter up!"
"You know, fish like smelly bait." *hook through the inside of the cheek, punch in the throat to crush the windpipe* "I'm gonna catch a big one!" *shove overboard*
trying to kill me? well, whatever floats your boat
under the water, you are armed with a small torpedo  you say "Release the Kraken" then fires the portable missile
"Atlantis is waiting for you" fires a torpedo
fish like eating dirt - so you're just the ideal breakfast!
Tie their hands and feet, put the life preserver around their neck, and toss them in. When they bob to the surface, level the gun and say, "Shit's not the only thing that floats."
yup gotta go with Chromosome on that one
In soviet russia, the fishes, sleep with you!
* AB|Away swipes papers off desk in a fit
* AB|Away throws hands into the air as he gets up
“You...you just escaped from a high security prison, crashed a defused warhead through the palace of the princess, assassinated her, and then kidnapped me,” she said numbly, her eyes blank. As we tear through the stratosphere, I give her a quizzical glance.  “Who said it was defused?”
Fight scene in the boat, finally the protagonist beats the other guy down enough to daze him. Reach back for the oar. Raise it overhead. "What's that? You want MOAR?!"
well I'm out of ideas for the fishing scen as well
I might not talk for a minute then
although Norse seems quite on a roll here xD
Heh, and I'd be telling you to write more if I was going through again.
So, should we do this the easy way?
wait... there were good lines from Heller
Also, Denim, typically when I go "clarify this," you do it by adding more instead of by subtracting.
not bad, not bad at all :D
I think that's all I got for the boat scenario.
kill the pony by smashing a rock golem to him/her into a wall... "Heh... Caught between a rock and a hard place."
Haha. Beating him with the oar. "We can do this the easy way... *whack* oar the hard way. Would you prefer to die... *whack* oar talk?"
"If Pokémon was real, you would be that one guy with six Magikarp."
I SUPPOSE I could wait one more day and maybe look over this tomorrow
You ever play paddle ball with someones ass?
admittedly, I'm horrible at seeing my own mistakes
Wouldn't you eventually be the guy with six Gyrados?
Unfortunately, Gyrados are actually terrible, aren't they?
Isn't their type combination like ungodly weak to certain things?
Mr. Fish IS the best Pokemon, this is true.
flying/water one of the most ridiculous combination
Oh right, that manly game webcomic. I forgot about it.
okay seems like this now turned into pokemon discussion
then again, Dark/Ghost makes you weak against nothing
any combination with x4 weakness are absurd combinations of type
I had a Magikarp that beat three Team Rocket Grunts in a row once
AND NOW AA ISN'T HERE TO MAKE FUN OF MY SHOES
or maybe the one who picked scenario picks the one who picks the scenario. it revolves that way
Wait, what time are you guys going to bed at...?
I'm not going to bed. I'm going to story
oh okay, then good luck writing Professor_Piggy
so the puns and horatio lines will go on
I'm gonna leave for a while now as well, picking up laundry and getting money from bank
FlutteringShy, would you like to join us?
Killing someone at an ice cream shop?
"New flavor, ice cold dead body with gunpowder sprinkles on top. on the house, kid."
* AB|Away stabs you with an ice cream cone. "I don't usuall 'cone'done violence, but in this case, I'll make a tasy exception."
is anyone good with the SDT issue?
For all these one liners, I imagine its Duke Nukem saying them.
I scream for ice cream, you scream for pain
COPY PASTE IT IS      strong the force is in this one
You know the guy who does the Duke Nukem voice will do it for a nominal fee?
I'll have three scoops of kicking your ass!
There was a Counterstrike server I heard about a few years back where the admin paid the Duke Nukem dude like three hundred bucks to do the entire CS sound set for his server. So it was all Duke Nukem saying "TERRORISTS HAVE PLANTED THE BOMB" and shit.
I would like to order three scoops of your breain with bullet on top.
if I have a story where there's a ship between someone like Spike and RD, but the Mane 6 are also in the fic, would it be alright to put the RD character tag as well as the Mane 6 tag in there?
I mean, to be fair, the main characters are RD, Rarity, and Spike.
if they're too involved in the story, yes include them
So you could just tag them and call it good.
Like, it's so bad, it's probably kinda funny
yeah, admittedly Twilight will be playing a larger role in the later chapters
in chapter 2 a good portion of the first part is her
the Rarity and Spike stuff will be interesting
"'Ice' dont wanna have to tell ya to 'cream' for mercy!"
you live .l you laugh. you die. simple
I scream for ice scream, you scream for mercy
Now to blow some half ass editing out my arse
but one of them stands out from the rest
really? damn... I thought we're still going for your scenes
alright, well, I better be off to bed
Welp, it was fun while it lasted.
seems that Chrome doesn't need more puns anyway
is it the time of night when the wolves shall hunt ince more?
Thy spaghetti of course! To save thyself with the aid of her majesty Spaghetti is but the only way!!
For then ye shall find true peace.
Do that, and thy will surely prevail!
When the ponies six doth arrive in the darkest hour, wield the Elements oh Harmonay against the forces of evil they shall!
Come hither, little ponies! Your time to rise against evil has cometh!
* AB|Away likes being a large ham.
damn... why am I afraid that my fic might go more than 10 chapters
but what made her legs rot like that?
Yeah, who knows. It looks like something magical, but dunno.
I would never consider posting such a piece of shit
In which case I could do whatever the fuck I wanted
I dont dig AJ pics but damn
JJ's AJ is his best humanization, I think.
heh, I got strabismus and I'm not offended by Derpy
basically, my right eye is not aligned with my left eye
Pandela and I have come up with an idea for a fic
Ah, hello Gummy! Can you by chance infer what day it is? Why, old friend, it is the day of your bath!
well, shit, I may add. I say, that's some fic of shenanigans you're planning there.
Ah say, salutations Twilight! May ah ask how you feel this wonderous mornin'?
You only earn full points if they're still in-character talking like that.
May Ah inquire the state in which you feel this wonderous mornin'?
why don't you use her aunt's teaching when she was in Manehattan
Nah, write AJ as an antebellum Southern belle.
so whats the state of the fic?
you know... like I'll be there before you can say leggity split
Ah declare, Twilight, I've misplaced my sister. Oh, where CAN she be?
I say, madam, it's like you're having a bad day like a rabbit on fire while carrying its babies to her cave
now the wtaers of time shall feed its weary roots
oh god you have a great idea there
It would be an absolute delight to construct this amusing piece of literature!
may i be able to contribute to this smashin' good literature?
Though, technically I don't think it's ACTUAL old English
random as fuck fic for his birthday
chrome really used some puns we made
“I’m here to kick flank and chew hay,” I proclaim, removing my shades, only to place them back on my snout.  “And I’m all out of hay.”
“Enough of this nonsense! This is your final warning to surrender, before I show you who you’re trifling with!”  I don’t say a word to her. I simply smile pleasantly. Then before she has a chance to blink, I whip my shotgun out from my jetpack.  “Hey princess, I got a new element for you.” I give the weapon a sharp pump.  “Pain.”
Well, finished with today's exams, so it's time to lean back and restock the Boutique.
So guys what time is it in your part of the world?
I've yet meet another Hungarian around these parts.
FINALLY they got that horrible trollfic out of the featured box!  :D
"let's see how bad I can make this fanfic"
I'm not celebrating yet, since the other is still there
well, yeah, but it's at the bottom place
First Time is just a 4.5k buildup to a throwaway joke
which is not quite as bad as "how bad can I make this" but it's in the bottom slot and the other two look like actual legitimate FICS
which I have not seen in there for quite a while
I like the trollfic "Twilight's First Time"
the only redeeming part is the last one
that one was at least a story and it was my least unfavorite of the three that occupied the featured box for four days.
the first and middle made you think its clop
My problem with First Time was that the buildup was way too long for a joke like that.
You could tell from the very first paragraph, that it's just a bait-&-switch
all that I was wondering about the entire fic was "what ARE they talking about, anyway"
yeah... too much stopping about "you're 22, but you're still dental virgin"
sadly someone spoiled me the details that Pearl's a dentist
I just cant find it :( the fic with the puns I mean
I would never forget my one-liner there
of all the pony puns I made
it will go down in history :)
I should probably warn you all, I pop in randomly
You'll never know when I will arrive!
I see, Tell me more im very interested in your popping habits
because once popped you never stop amirite?
no problem I enjoy low-level jokes :D
just take my love for puns *g*
most of the hie fics include RD ramming someone
it's like the anime cliché, the new girl runs into the protagonist and they both fall down!
but then the new girl gets pissed
although I do think I could've gotten a pun out of this somehow
and she also loses her bread which she had clenched between her teeth
and from then on it's HILARIOUS encounters of negative sexual tension
Who is your supreme commander and god-chief of the universe?
well ... i did nazi that coming!
It's funny because these jokes are in bad taste.
thats funny cuz i have jewish reletives
I worship the Great Old Ones. Cthulhu fhtagn!
love and tolerate the shit out of each other
Love and Tolerance is the ONLY Religion!
you need to get it from the source
> Paul McCartney, about to become 70
> played 38 tracks live in Mexico
If they can't hit the right pitch, they need more lessons
It's real talent, and I wish I could have attended
i think he just has the right
That fic I was talking about writing
well fuck you too broken sound card
echoes everything i try to listen to T_T
i wonder where she focuses her "magic"
this opens a new realm for fics
but the the magic...................where does it come out
now excuse me while i use the restroom
okay I did not read the right fanfic but it was good anyway xD
wow fire soul quit and sunstine loined
here lies sound card who echoes everything that goes through him
whats the name of the fic with the arnold lines?
the one that has the weird oneone liners?? like c4
I just want to read the fic with the oneliner xD
the one liner with the new element: PAIN!
i bet faust had a hard time with the opposite of magic
I don't think Faust worked on that one...
oh my god! I get it! C4 yourself! xD
you mustve had dinner three times now
and now I'm also motivated to write more on my part xD although it is not quite as hilarious
such a great ending ... moved me to manly tears xD
And from where dost thou hail from?
Where the only seasons are wet, wetter dry adn dryer
Do I need to be more clear with WA?
The State of Washington, in the YSA
sooooo considering my resumé is non existent
This peace is what all true warriors strive for!
* AB|Away slaps Fullmetal_Pony around a bit with a large trout
* AB|Away slaps Randomftw around a bit with a large trout
* AB|Away slaps AB|Away around a bit with a large trout
i never understood how to do emotes
I literally just right click on somepony's name
* AB|Away slaps RunePlate around a bit with a large trout
* AB|Away explodes into a pile of toasters.
* Pandela slaps AB|Away around a bit with a large fishbot
* AB|Away slaps Pandela around a bit with a large trout
Most everypony around here has this "fishbot" thingy
my my you must have grown a lot by now
but it had to be you XD
I repeated it, just for you, Ful
I need a good name for a male oc
okay, what do you offer Randomftw ?
This is more boring than at 3:00 p.m But for other people that would be midnight (different time zones)
male elder unicorn, kind of harsh, works kind of as a advisor for celestia although inofficial ... and tends to call her 'queen'
because she's supposed to "queen it up"
This is harder to do on my IPad
well Quill is really good ... dont know about hard though ... xD
are you sure you want to keep looking at me?
You are the only person I remember from earlier who is here
also, I think I'll take Stone Quill ... because sounds a bit more poetic ... thanks for your help Randomftw :)
Penis Quill (You all knew this was 'cumming' eventually.)
Just that you are the only one I remember earlier from today and is here
lol the first thing i did today was look for MLP Clop PICS
I am scared of everything but not fan fcis
send me a link of your fic
And sleep well, FOR IT MAY BE YOUR LAST!
* AB|Away flaps cape in front of him
* AB|Away dahses off into the shadows
.....he's gonna get eaten by a shark
Pine cone...if you know what I mean
* Randomftw slaps WinterSpeed around a bit with a large trout
I didnt know you were into that
nooo, I meant you slapped me awake! xDD
I like rarity drops by squidward's house
I dont know ... sometimes I find her funny
i like to dab shit behind my ear before i go out
had to watch it on my cell though
Im watching MC Hammer, telling me how I cant touch something
 it's a more serious fic in the normal universe
* Randomftw slaps IceColt|Writing around a bit with a large trout
my bro wanted to know what slap was
anyway I don't want to spoil too much about my fic since I plan to reveal a lot much later in the fic
because first I have to work on establishing character relations
You are old if you know this(and watched it on your tv) Bright lights!bright lights!
Then what are you doing talking about it?
just pm me a link to it
I mean it in a 'calm mentor' sort of way.
when you put it up for approval
I will now talk backwards from now on (till I want to stop)
Good day everypony, how are you all doing today?
Why the hell is Artimae "Licking" everypony/everypony?
The chat hath now died. May it rest in piece
This place is SFW  Qiute the contrary
Did you listen to the heavy quotes yet?
Please keeps those topics to a minimum
lol u just missed a NSFW link
"The burning you feel, it is shame"
I jus tlike jumping out of windows...
The pegasisters are awesome... My fiance is one...
Double rainbow all the way across the sky....
Its just rare in comparison to male fans
Double rain boom all the way across the sky
I'd be ok with this if the image was at least DECENT
now i feel bad about that NSFW link...
Same shock I felt when I learned AA was
Links and iPads are not exactly sympatico...
Listen to 9:38 in that heavy quotes
Listen to 9:38 in that heavy quotes video link
Sandvich and me going to beat your ass
Artist thinks they made Big Mac a bit chubby.
* RainbowDashian shakes RunePlate until he tells me what he wants to
Fucking Big Macs been into the Big tofu macs.
you greet me, I greet back that's all dashian
* Pandela goes to make a veggie burger
Sandvich and me going to beat your ass
In Soviet Russia, your ass beat sandvich
hey people, I want to have an old ponies' folk song that I want to use as foreshadowing. So I texted Go Down Moses a bit around. Could you tell me what you think of these lines?
RunePlate - Oh, I thought you would tell me something
"When Discord was in Equestria's land let my people go! Opressed so hard they could not stand let my people go!  Go Down, Celest, Way down in Equestria's land; tell old Astrodeo To let his people go!"
WinterSpeed_ - I use an iPad, I am used to it. When Safari crashes, your IRC account (Whether registered or not) is still logged in, so, to prevent dual names, it adds an underscore to your name. The original eventually pings out
Nice to see that you're awake, Carmine
If Twilight wasn't giving off vast amounts of BEDROOM EYES.
Hey WinterSpeed_ - Type in "/nick WinterSpeed" so your name is back to ormal
Carmine, the previous picture, what's the blog link?
Swag is something 'gangsters' (ugh...) use in order to show off their boxers in public.
Carmine - I agree about Twi. Why the bedroom eyes?
It's looking like a fag in public.
Probably because Pinkie is laying on her.
Carmine - I literally just used that line in a story... Now I gotta delete it
You... shipped Sandwich and Madame Le Fleur.
I dunno... Are you from the U.S.?
The first time Lyra appeared on screen.
She was in a human sitting position.
Pandela - She sat on a bench, and everybrony thinks she's obsessed with humans
Instantly, everyone became entranced in the idea that she was in love with humans.
oh and carmine, have you read chrome's fic?
am i the only one who thinks
that the writer at the season finale
I don't care.it was worth it to see pinkies party cannon and twilight machine gun
The villains in Wakfu are 10x better than the villains in MLP
I thought he'd delete that after 24 hrs
oh yeah totally I just find the mood whiplash so amusing. one second before marriage trickster and next second all out war
fanatics and retarded fans fucked it up
Apparently she brings the crew cookies when they're recording, too. :3
* Pandela goes to eat his veggie burger
Something tells me Pinkie's tail isn't that big.
well hope is the last thing that will die!
What I DO wonder about is if they will create plots that go longer than 2 episodes
you know I have a music too... an ending music
Celestia already got defeated.enough violence for her.
yep, we should give her an awesome moment for a change!
lol my music sounds a bit like halo ending music xD
There was one part in it that got everyone.
When Celestia was thrown into the mud.
HE IS A TIMELORD!hearts, more than one
does anyone have music that is a bit more ... dark? Not totally depressing or dramatic just with a bit ... well, darker tone
for when 2 mysterious characters are talking about mysterious things
I'm writing a fic where Pinkie gets a toothache.
And despite her friends best efforts, she's too afraid of the dentist to go see him.
It got denied twice by EqD already.
It's going to be a three parter.
Well I am gonna read some and then go to bed.night
Of course, I've been too busy writing other things to update it.
So it may be awhile before chapter 2 is up.
Btw carmine sweet tooth got 30 likes already
Carmine, tell me your opinion, why do I feel bad making very long conversations and still not going for an adventure to my two main characters?
by the way guys I would like your opinions on one thing
OC teaches higher magics to Rarity before taking her to tomb raiding
I want to ponify a song for foreshadowing and i picked Go Down Moses
could you give me your opinion on the rewritten lyrics?
Don't include song lyrics in your fics.
ehh... I think I'll pass on that Punman
first I dont know the band... second, what Carmine says
thanks for the comment on my fic
alright ... even when I only want to use the first phrase and refrain?
yeah it was long ago but still
kind of like an introduction or overheard by the characters
especially when you read the fic along with a video reading
some guy really inserted a clip from the song
> It is destiny that you can I can't live in the same world
and she will be one of the good guys ^^
wow I feel something's amiss for the whole day
runeplate ill write a comment when i get to a computer
Well damn, now I actually have to read.
And it's either a like or a dislike at this point
* Diceman is appalled that no diablo 3 stat calculator exist
oddly enough every stat does soemthing just...more than others
from what i can tell for demon hunters its dex>vit>int>str
int could be replaced for + resist all depending on scaling
question guys: should I mention what color the magical aura of unicorns is?
not right now ... but in character introduction for oc's for example
like when Rarity used magic, so does Twilight
or when theres an epic final battle between harry and riddle
woohoo finally I get to the scene I wanted to write since beginning of the chapter xD
I'm going to write a fic about Angry Sex
Twilight and RD get into an argument.
"yeah you like it huh..." slaps her face until it the cheek swells "you bitch... boasting around like that. who's the great and powerful now huh?!"
there is ~3 trixiedash fics and 1 pinkietrixie fic. too my knowledge
And the only way to solve it is angry sex.
I wanted to actually write a fic with a serious story of character development yanno ...
RD takes out a bat and whipped it to Trixie's hindlegs
although I guess I'm open for requests for trollfics
I guess so... there's a word possibly
yeah apparently ... just was not sure xD
somepony throw a good trixiefic at me?
all the trixie fics being posted lately are not that good
so the only thing i can do about it is complain on the irc
just to make sure: you're not only talking about clopfics?
oh, okay. Because about 70% of trixie fics are twitrixie-angrysex-fics
Nothing wrong with some angry Twixie buckin'.
well, back to writing for me to escape this awkwardness
I wish there was a nice little button that allowed me to give the bird to human-in-equestria stories.  T'would be so nice.
because i just got inspiration for my story and i need to write this down before i forget.
i still think that somebody could one day pull off a good one.
most of those stories lack character development
they're just a brony, squee'ing as he goes and meets his fav ponies.
I wonder if I could pull off an HiE fic
if it was good, then by all means.  But I haven't seen on eyet.
The sad part is that even if it DOES turn out good, people will shun it cuz of the human tag.
And I now have an angry sex fic to write.
they will no longer feature HiE stories
... Let the good times roll. 8)
look at the conditions for submitting, it says "No HiE stories"
they've just run into too many bad ones, just like the rest of the community has.
I feel cheap for getting inspiration from another story.
How about Cakebane for Pinkie wrestling name
that's where most writers get their inspiration from
ME. CAKEBANE. ME SMASH YOU WITH CUPCAKE SLAM
I haven't yet, not from other stories.
I'm more of a Twiluna fan, meself.
every time i read my own story, i think it's the worst i've seen so far
Don't call Pinkie Pie Pinkie when she's in rage and likes wrestle. Call Pinkie Pie as The Sugar Mama. Sugar Mama will crush you!!!
but if you're a unicorn, a twitchy horn
Carmine, do you live alone? you'd have a tough time explaining that pillow...
If only I had a way to get that.
Look at the right side of it, rune.
rarity gets cancer and the chemo makes her lose her mane O_O
all I need is some uranium and few plutonium
it sounds like it couldn't possibly be good.
due to the drama of life, a pony dying of cancer is sad
for some reason ARBPW made me think of bear paws
heh... then those japanese started to be their weird self
introduced Ganguro and Lolita fashion on Canterlot
lol. an anthrax-terrorist picks ponyville as his next target.
it's up to derpy to save the mail-industry.
full name:  "Lunar Silver Star Story Complete"
I was just watchin the season 2 opener, with discord and all, and I just have one question: regarding the stained-glass window at the end, won't Celestia eventually fill them all? What then?
Make stained glass windows IN the stained glass windows
sorry, ur princess is in another castle
I'm thinking of writing a ponyfic loosely based around the story of Lunar.
Remodeling the throne room. I could see that happening.
Trixie would be in it.  heh.  She'd be the White Dragon.  :P
why is my Video suddenly getting lots of views?
it went up 80 views from yesterday
nah I checked after i linked it
One of my Youtube videos has over 1k views.
it went up 10 from you guys
Hey guys, I just wanted to say level 3 cloud walking potion./
One of my stories had tripled views for one day, a month or so ago.
GOD DAMNIT! I CAN'T DESCRIBE MY OC FOR SH*T!
I have never had a single dislike on any of my YouTube videos.
only been up for like 4 years though.  :P
keeping characters nondescript can be useful later
Then describe your OC for something else, like chocolate rain
a few edits in the previously written part and WHAM, you're out of the writer's block.
hmm, maybe but I am a fan of being able to picture the character ... the biggest problem actually is just the color of the mane and coat
Whoever gave me the idea for the angry sex fic...
'Cause now it won't leave my head.
AND MY BODY WANTS TO WRITE IT
you sure it wants to WRITE it
Only thing running through my mind is Pinkie having a Pinkie combo that entails that somewhere, there's a wrestling match with lots of spanking and grunting.
It doesn't want to write it... trust me.
I feel special.  Someone actually wrote my full name for once.  :D
it's the continuation of the conversation back in chap1
Remember when I gave you that idea for the fiction that involves angry sex between Rainbow Dash and Twilight Sparkle, and then Pinkie Pie and your OC stumble in after a dark scene?
the tab button is a mysterious thing Chysonallite ^^
I'm sure when you're on a pc.  Not so much on iPhone.
first chapter i'm writing with completely no plot draft
viva la pc! and now I'm gone for hairdresser
and it's going WAY easier than all the other ones.
WRITE IT CARMINE, OUR BODY IS READY
I'm not going to go into detail of the sex scene.
I can't write sex to save my life.
ANd I want to see if I can expand this to 2.5k words.
In order to submit it to EqD
Angry orgy with Twilight Sparkle, Rainbow Dash, your OC and Pinkie Pie, after a grimdark scene with your OC and Pinkie Pie
Write it, but just don't publish, then
no one will be able to burn that pillow... carmine's the guard captain
That pillow actually disturbs me the least of all pony-porn i've seen so far.
I try my hardest to stay away from all that...
Don't you have people who are responsible for you, Carmine, that would ask you what the hell you're doing with that pillow?
I just can't help myself near NSFW links.
An octave higher: Vinyl offends Octavia, and she decides to teach him a lesson he'll never forget.
i know i don't enjoy the stuff but my curiousity gets the best of me.
Along with the level 3 cloud walking potion.
When i say the title, a story came to mind about Octavia finding Vinyl's weed-stash.
DAMN IT BUGGIE, make a reappearance of the potion!
Pinkie psychoanalysis? the one set after Cupcakes?
Someone did an actual psychological look at Pinkie.
someone did it with all the mane 6
AND IF NORSE WOULD FUCKING LINK IT
I refuse to click!  I refuse to have ponies ruined for me like Winnie the Pooh!
they're hating people for liking a show?
the realizations of the mental disorders of each characters?
well, you can understand a little really if they encountered the worst kind of bronies
i can see flutters being schizoid though
I hear Steven Magnet will be there in season 3
oh.  Idunno.  He didn't have much of an appearance, so it's anyone's guess.
there was a funny comic where Vinyl found a changeling
copied her and altogether they said to Tavi "Guess what, Tavi!"
I would speculate on a "no" though.  That 2 minutes didn't create much of a fan base, and there are so many more characters they could create instead.
what the FANBASE needs is more stallions.
the series itself should just keep doing what it already does.
how about Flim and Flam became psychopathic nymphomaniacs
I'm not very fond of those two
and make her play with their "Toy House"
they were pretty meh, to me.  Although that episode did make it canon that the ponies were adults.
that toy house was a reference to a RL psycho
wikipedia lists the fifth sense as touch
did you just replace "sup" with "soup"?
* BeezelPony touches Garion with a stick.
there are a few killers with murder rooms like that throughout history
you're pretty much directly referring to a series of books i'm reading.
although that's the first I hear of one called a "toy-box"
in which people can ingest, and internally burn metals, in order to gain certain powers.
Iron is one of those metals, allowing people to pull other metals.
okay that was a wired line to come in on
now you turned the brothers into cannibals too
that looks like it's turning into the rainbow factory
i'm on the last 10 pages of book two right now.
sadly I dont write gore, dark or grimdark
but that would be a great darkfic
Flim Flam Brothers on a Psychopathic Rampage
since the let down on Sweet Apple Acres
the machine wasn't fully paid so their house would do so
along with all the valuable stuffs inside
they lost hope, they lost their sanity
what happens when you enter a boss-arena from the exit-side for the first time in Dark Souls...?
I left after Carmine said Twidash angry sex
here's a summary of what you missed
I remembered a story of a psychopath named David Parker Ray
I can't find that fucking psychological analysis of Pinkie.
who uses a murder room for his... well murders
And it seems Carmine found a fuck pillow of Pinkie
Wanna help me write an epic fic of epic proportions?
crossover his madness with the Flim Flam Brothers
In other words, all of 2.5k words.
Chat Y U NO LET ME LEAVE?
I don't think pinkie's sad on the inside.
but i can definitely see fluttershy being schizoid.
Twilight and RD will get into an argument.
And after like, an hour of arguing.
in fact, i think fluttershy already IS kind of schizoid in the series.
'THERE'S ONLY ONE WAY TO SOLVE THIS.'
They hate each other ? You must now ship them
And Twilight replies something normal, like 'talk to our friends?'
They saw each other once? Ship them
Wil, even if they haven't, still ship em
if you're still reading my fic, care to /query me if you have something to comment than writing there
you can get arrested for thinking of killing people?
they're called "death threats" and are not taken lightly
He was arrested for conspiracy to commit first degree murder
I was looking up Seth Rogen stuff, and I found phineas and ferb doing an interview on him :x
If you just say it out of the blue
I remember this dumbass in a court room
Seth Rogen, Neil Patrick Harris and Andy Samberg have been interviewed there :x
who said to the accusee "if I ever see you again, I'll kill you"
Seth Rogen on a kids tv show
Scares the living shit out of me
I threaten my friends I'll kill them all the time
Why do I only know "Winter wrap up" in a mixture of English and German?
Just took a look, trollfics still seem to be the norm -_-
Live with people that only know english
I am bilingual in French and English ^^
ofc I know how to say my name
* Yipyapper|Mobile drags Nightmare_Moon into a cave
I have yet to see a german song that sounds nice outside of Heavy Metal
It funny becuase it true in some small cases
"[16:43] <BeezelPony> Pinkies...odorous... musk" Thats Carmine 's line
I can't play well with sticky sweaty skin
you should make a fic about it
Ponies play D3 and the lingering musk drives them to
Oh boy Captain Sparkle! Spare the fair maiden Pinkie!
the damn crck on my screen grew!!!!!!!!!
You'll be sucked in and out of existance
Put away the crack before the crack puts you away
I'll burn them if they don't pull off Tyrael's character good
* Yipyapper|Mobile notices that no one knew
not really, I was actually surprised at how SF
I don't know the word for that....jelly
>make blogpost saying that I'll be in Europe for a week starting tomorrow, and that I won't be on much
>delete it within 10 seconds of him posting it
Too bad for him and his bullshit!
Now to find Vargras while he is in Europe...
Carmine, there's lots of regretful things the fandom has created
varg made a post where he says he'll be out for a week, suddenly a 'first' comment
Like a Pinkie Pie Sex doll ^^
Aaaaaand there's the silence ^^ Now, what did I miss?
imma cook up something for midnight chomping
RunePlate, that doesn't answer my question though. What "first" comment?
* Wilhelm_II hits the restart button on Pandela's head
i slept on my already cracked screen of my laptop
But how did it go from Vargras's blog to the fandoms worst creations?
casung oxygen to seep in the vracks
thus making a hygr black sploctch on my screen
i need spmething to ease my pain
Funfact, Oxygen kills you in large abouts
and may kill you over a long amount of time
So yeah, you need it to live
Ugh, Germany and Austria is so damn weird.
or choking on the ashes of our enemies
I edited genitals into jungle animal's newest art
I can still read and understand most German.
But I can't really write it or speak it anymore.
* Draequine gives HighLvlTeen a jar of jarate
I'm simply saying that it's gonna be weird.
Anypony have a funny  MLP youtube vid?
maybe nsfw will make me feel better
If you have a good pair of lungs on you, they should treat you like a king
Var, are any of your EqD stories 6 star?
How does one get a 6 star rating anyway?
Not really, unless we are talking about Hockey
I am trying to tell a lie
I don't have any 6-star fics, but all my fics are 5-star.
I don't have anything below that. :B
My next shot at a 6-star will be my Night Guard fic, but considering it'll eventually be a shipfic as well, I don't know how likely that is.
Hey, don't knock my country Yipyapper. We're in deep shit, but it don't make us a bad place.
I think AJ is JJ's best humanization.
Most of them are nothing special under his pen. His Twilight is cute, but still pretty meh.
But his take on AJ, man, that's something special.
Probably just because his sameface actually works for her.
Note to self, don't blow up the philippines.
okay ... guess I'll have to read for myself then :D
So many pretty ponies.  I want to conquer them all.  ;-;
Man, I really wish Tumblr would tell you how many RSS followers you have.
Because my shit's getting blown the fuck up with likes, but I've only got a handful of Tumblr followers, heh.
why do I always set that word apart
nothing like some In Flames to cheer me up.
but, to each their own. in particular when it comes to music.
looks like a crossover but no idea
i've got the Come Clarity album on loop right now.
Her hordes of adoring fans made it inevitable
I was pretty new to them a few months ago, and then I bought Clayman
What would happen if Pinkie Pie started talking, I mean REALLY started talking, and you couldn't do anything to stop her? The result of a challenge I gave myself: To write a whole story without using a single full stop.
I was new to them less than a month ago.
Switched to metal a couple weeks back.
I mean, nothing against her or device heretic. I know they're both good authors.
But even if they half-ass a fic, it's going to get featured.
The system just needs to handle them and other outliers differently, is all.
I mean, Denim also uploaded a fic.
i had a small in between-phase with Breaking Benjamin
but that quickly passed, to make room for In Flames.
I had to scour the internet for that psychological analysis on Pinkie.
Do you know how HARD that was/
if you like In Flames, I recommend All That Remains
only one song of theirs i like.
MY JOB IS NOT YET DONE D:
As I Lay Dying, and Lamb of God.
in flames is kind of meh imo
Well, it'd be better if the system worked differently altogether, in a way which actually worked. But barring that, just a special case for auto-featured authors would be nice.
those are some more bands i like.
don't like their newer stuff from what I've heard
Carmine, you didn't think to just check my tumblr?
* Pandela screams in more joy than pain
whoracle is an okay album I guess, haven't heard much else
but i'm always, ALWAYS on the lookout for more bands.
So I just goggle'd it, and found it right away.
I'm on a music drought right now
So by "scour the internet" you mean "I'm talkin' shit," then?
What is this 'joy' you speak of?
I looked at over 25 ages of fisherpon's tumblr.
Then decided 'fuck it' and went back to playing OoT
* Pandela it is the pusuit of happiness
I can't find any bombs in the Fire Temple
It's annoying, knowing I'm out and I need them.
...Have you tried screaming "FOR PINKIE PIE" while looking?
lol i found a collection of SFW mlp Gifs on a NSFW site
he's probably my least favorite boss in that game
House is back in jail for 6 months
he's not that hard, but he annoys me
* Wilhelm_II sends Nightmare_Moon a bucket of hate
The Legend of Pony: Ocarina of Pony
* Nicholas_Cage wonders where his chocolate cake went
He's the V-A-RG-A-S and he's here to clean up our mess, he's Vargraslicous
I've been awake for 2 hours now and I have yet to touch any of my updates because of you twats
* Wilhelm_II smacks Pandela with a German person
* Mr is not revealing his secret
i cant change my name to   I LIke
that was not even remotely close to a meaningful message
Friggin Appletroid somehow led me to listening to Metroid music and then to LP videos
Twilight Sparkle and Tim Schafer are best ponies
* I_like licking licorice lollipops on lantern lane.
Martha just got jettisoned into the sun
* I_hate Hopping horny hairy horses hugging Hiltler.
woah, stop right there! No one can hate THAT!
When you finish a chapter that was supposed to be an afterthought
I'm going to go install WIN 7 and play Sniper Elite V2
In Soviet Russia, Monkey no see. Monkey just do
Take a look at rear views. You'll see.
that needs to be on a tee-shirt
but of course I only watch it for the plot *aj-liar-face*
Look at a rear view of Pinkamena.
Working on a suspense/horror for my second fic ^_^
Because I was going to do that anyway
YOu'll see that each flank is roughly the shape of a balloon.
With the ideas I am thinking of, I don't think I'll make a happy fic for a long time :/
I'll have to look at the show.
Haven't stared at a blank lot in awhile.
you know ... I love this fandom
'An ass is an ass, no matter how tight'
...Carmine, does everyone eventually get to that stage?
it's the only fandom in which asses is a legimate discussion topic
12 days in, still don't really care for looking at plots -_-
2 months in, I refuse to look at that crap.  :P
And when Twilight suggests they sat on Appletini
Best way to ruin a new brony:  Show him ponyporn
Damn, I really hope I don't get there
All ponies and no sleep make Wilhelm_II a good brony
Ponyporn may just be for the people into bestiality.
But it may also be for the people with an openmind.
I think I'll just write fics and not enter chat ever again -_-
Like me, I'm literally ok with all types of porn.
I just find human porn to be... eh... strange.
that's actually probably to be a good idea, Yip
I can barely get off to humans anymore.
It's a good idea, but I probably won't
I'll probably end up as a permanent regular and ruin my life-_-
oh man ... now I'll never be able to watch a CMC-episode EVER again
And I went without MLP for 3 days
I haven't gone a single day without pones in....months
I would, but I'm waiting on a microphone from Chine to come by so I can start makin videos.  Til then, stuck on here.
My least favourite episodes are the CMC episodes
I still like them, but they are below the others in my mind
my very favorites are the cmc ones
Someone needs to make an Animal Crossing/MLP crossover fic.
The only CMC episode I like is the newspaper one, because nopony touches Dash's hooves
My personality is that of an intelligent, yet social nerd, but for some reason dark stories in the MLP universe attract me...
Well, I'd like to think I'm... somewhat intelligent.
ive never gotten off to cmc stuff though
I don't think I could get off pony-pron for real
Someone's writing a clopfic with my OC fucking Scoots.
So I may have to change my view on things.
Scored top 10 in Canada for mathematics
It funny becuase ponies reduced me to a quivering wreck.
Making me one of the greatest mathematicians in the wolrd
hey I think a friend of mine participated in that Yip
Well, my marks actually went down when I watched MLP
Now I hover at a 96 average
No, I decided never to skip grade
Would rather live my life, developing my opinions as I go on
missed almost half the school years ... still got 2.9
I am intelligent school-wise, social-wise and thinking-wise
But I have no common sense, nor social abilities.
But I did see them appear and kick me for  abit
I'm Bill Gates/Einstein-intelligent! I SUCKED at school!
My eyes said it wasn't but my mind said it was
Did you get my newest story idea?
your possibly the only one who ever will
And my social interactions can sometimes be a little odd
It's going to be the greatest fic never done.
but i take your word for it pal
What are some accomplishments you guys have made?
'I don't care about anything' is an opinion
the world needs more stuff like that
I don't consider anything I've done to be an accomplishment
I'm good at not giving a damn?
I want at least one from each of you
Trust me, it makes you fell good
I got through school though I was lazy as shit!
I am sort of a procrastinator of sorts
I work, but not at the things I should be working on
Best thing I've seen so far today.
here i'll ask you in another chat
I am so encumbered with schoolwork all of the tim e
Because I strive to accomplish other things, so I forget about it :/
Although, the things I've accomplished are more than a lot of people double my age 
Considering Blueshift doesn't post fics at all, that's blatant sarcasm.
lol, I like how the only commont on my story so far was an advertisement
There's a guy starting to fangasm in my blog post
"I just realized that you are the writer of one of my favorite fics of all time.... Holy shit. Also, whatever that picture was will not show up. "
Get famous, tell everyone that MLP is the best show ever
I will take that as a complement varg
Isn't Device Heretic one of the best authors on the site?
OMG DEVICE HERETIC IS ALLERGIC TO HOPS? HNNNG /fanboy
Blueshift, it isn't even directed at me
and of course thx for the compliment :)
I'm hesitant to say any author on the site is the 'best' one
dh is an excellent author, but fangasming over a fanfic author is some sad shit
Despite my continued promises, I still haven't read Eternal :/
Telling people to calm the fuck down and that you really aren't that big of a deal doesn't usually work
OMG VARGRAS YOU WROTE HIATUS I JUST PEED ALL THE URINE
OMG VARGRAS IS HIATUS WE ARE DOOMED!
I don't care what y'all say, I would make love to all of you fanfic authors
I swear, this Minecraft server is like Seattle
Every time I log on to it, it's raining
HE STOLE INTERNETZ! HE MASTER OF ZE INTERZ
I don't get fanspazzing. I just get people telling me to STFUGBTW
Minecraft, talkin bout minecraft, talkin bout miiiiiiinnnnneecraft
Alright, time to work on my suspense/horror oneshot 2nd fic. Later
huh.  So Vargras was the guy who wrote what I read yesterday.  Jolly good job, mate.  Rather enjoyed Hiatus
where the hell is the new chapter
Yes. Just like that, thank you Beezel
next chapter is like half done :D
who was online at 5:30 this morning?
WHOOOA Cyanide, you're planning a TMC sequel%?
ok who was on 7 hours ago
What if... Vargras found us to be dumb at times?
Yeah, and I've got a historical fic in the same timeline in the pipe
Just trying to figure out who the 18 people were that read my story when it came out
Is there still a massive fic queue backlog?
* Wilhelm_II hits IceColt with tiny arms
Where the Streets Have No Name by U2
One of my favourite songs of all time
U2 live is even better than the studio
we haven't talked about those in hours
The Edge is one of the greatest guitarists ever
For Glastonbury 2010, U2 was supposed to headline, but Bono ended up getting sick
And they had The Edge join them for a cover of Where The Streets Have No Name, to sorta honor that
Which is the song I just linked
I just realized I haven't been on roosterteeth since Season 9 ended...
I mean, Bono is the best, but Muse did a pretty good job
at least one.  not more than 3 though.
Same with rap, I hate it, but I still like the Beastie Boys
Do you suppose Tara does the Twilight voice in bed?
my friends are all Hip Hop and Rap fans
The Beastie Boys are more Rap Rock
I also like Lonely Island, but they are comedy
the only Rap artists I genuinely like are Mobb Deep and Eminem
As a Canadian, I also love Bob & Doug MacKenzie :3
Most of what I listen to is harder rock
I like Public Enemy okay. Immortal Technique is good too. Mostly, though, metal and industrial over here
3 french toast, 2 turtle necks and a beer
Hmm, 75% of Canadians do not know who our head of state is
We have a bunch of useless positions
oh, so that's why Queen Elizabeth's face is on the Canadian coins
And Stephen Harper wasn't directly voted for
parasprites + ponies ==> changelings ==> parasprites
Canada needs to declare itself a Republic
I sent the section of chat about shipping me and device heretic... to device heretic
I understand that, but it needs to declare itself a Republic independent from the UK's domain
Hey, hey, hey, quit pokin' me with yer thing!
* Wilhelm_II pokes NorsePony with his thing
what kinda career outside sports is ruined by drugs
Silly filly, ponies are the only drug you EVER need
Did you know that coffee can make you hallucinate?
so yeah never do 15 shots vodka
im writing a fic on my weed/vodka exp>
Should do a fic where AJ leaves a barrell of cider over the year and it turns into wine or some other alchohol
errrm you know that kinda alcohol induced coma
Coma éthilique is what its called in French
Wait... so Device Hertic can't drink bear D:
but yeah, it was the speed Pandela
I have a 6 pack, and then I got arrested and got a 300$ fine
and got so many shots in so little time
There is a Twilight x Lamp one too
TARA STRONG IS GONNA BE AT ANIME ORLANDO.
The apple juice, it tastes like acid...
If you can't tell it's NSFW with the hentai in the link, you don't belong on the internet
The point is, it says right in the goddamn topic to tag ALL NSFW links.
cammerhammer, no one said that they didn't know it was bad
And I'm just saying that the rule is there, and failure to follow it means you get kicked.
* Proudtobe does an Epic Found Another Bronie In same Country BroHof with IceColt
There wasn't a point in saying that anyway
* IceColt answers the Epic Found Another Bronie In same Country BroHoof from Proudtobe :)
And that's fine, it's not like I'm going to be linking anything nsfw anyway
I don't have webcam either mic I do own however ^^
You can still listen to it and chat with text
And a mic can still get you heard
My mic does not work right for odd reasons... never fixed it either...
Hmm i should try to find bronies in korea
well it's fine we can still chat over IRC ^^
No but I'm on my way there for 2 years
I was at this fight earlier today
And a big fucking hockey game broke out!
It seems everyone on the net has vanished this weekend
it wasn't that highly anticipated. xD It was wanted, but hopes weren't THAT high.
Can't really say any other games lived up to expectations and surpassed them
Ty Vargy, Scy Should Be More Like Vargy
but Half Life 2 blew mez away and shit
For humans, we wear clothes anyways, so any deviation from that has the potential to be appealing
Ponies don't wear clothes, so again, any deviation etc. etc.
I like the whole concept behind halo but they did go a little crazy with it
But yeah, AR let things get out of hand with Business practices
He basically gave Jack the freedom to either kill him or break from the slavery
He wanted a completely government free place
I wanted that to be the first thing you saw
Randomftw: I. just. had. the. fucking. GREATEST. Epiphany. for a flashback. scene
* %Vargras stares at chat and steeples his fingers.
I didn't see any search settings or anythign so I wasn't sure
my team is almost always Sabin, Cyan, Edgar and then one caster
Which is what I need your help with.
Since I need to make the story 2.5k words.
A Brony's Wish : 20 year old Emma isn't your ordinary fan of the show, she lives in a dull town where she has a small job just to live. Everyday had gotten worse, until one fateful day when she flicked on her pony-filled computer... by Zollosky
Uh, no. That definitely sounds like an ordinary fan.
IceColt: just hover over dcc when you right click then click chat
Emma isn't your ordinary fan of the show - yes, yes she actually is
Vargras, I have a feeling that's going to make it into the Boutique eventually.
Randomftw: i really don't get it ...
So Candle, was your linking of that trans!Rarity fic supposed to be positive or negative?
ah yes, this one I have seen before beezel, it is nice, but its just female twilight
How does that sound serious to you.
if you put the right punctuation in there Candle, it sounds extremely sexual
MIC'S doing a dramatic reading of Pinkie Watches Paint Dry
and now, she will be even more known for that joke fic than she already is
she was actually glad I downvoted it
Why?  Isn't getting a fic read by MIC good?
Not if isn't the right publicity it isn't
not when it's a fic you don't like being known for
One of my friend's trying to get Mic to do a live reading of one of my fics.
Same predicament as AA, if he does do it.
it was a sarcastic 'GL with that'
As I said, hard to detect sarcasm
"pinkie w" and it's already AA"s fic
Carmine X Pinkie or datdamnface X Pinkie ...
threesome between Braeburn and the Flim Flam Brothers
also the "10" number was probably an exaggeration
but I've read so many good TwiDash
Also, I'm going to write an HiE
Or the main character meeting his favourite ponies.
well, I'm working on making my beginning hook not suck
and by that I mean it's cannon in the fanfic world
There's one on fanfiction.net I'm forgetting, I haven't read it yet but the story itself is huge
I scrapped the rewrite I did, I'm on the fourth rewrite of it now
how do you explain this politcal cockery?
I was thinking of changing WtN into a long winded adventure fic that's HiE
Wait HIE, but there stuck in like griffon country....thats been done hasn't it...
datdamnface: We need to hook you up to a video camera
nah, this all takes place in my mind as I sit there with the dumbest grin
someone actually video taped me when I tripped out once
datdamnface: Which is why we attach a video camera TO YOUR BRAIN
hey Rainbow Candle... how was your Scootaloo???
datdamnface: Yes, then we shall sell them as new Episodes of MLP
yeah flashwise it's easier to do it voice first
Then why am I still on fire.
I remember the day after the Royal Canterlot Wedding Finale being impatient waiting for remixes of This Day Aria and thinking there might not be any...
This is so distracting, I mean, my leg is on fire.
Curse you Axis powers, now wars sound dirty
This is like, the third time today.
I just wrote my longest blog post yet, and I feel like I didn't share anything useful whatsoever.
Any time him or Rada get on, I have to make sure.
'Cause of how long they go between visits. :P
I have seen him once in my few months of joining this chat
Yeah, I used to be a regular.
Anyway, I'mma go play some more OoT
Since AA's not here, I'm allowed to be negative.
I'm going afk 'cause I suck at writing and I don't feel like it.
why would you let AA stop you?
in particular when about other people's stories.
You should play Majora's Mask Carmine (trollface)
RPlate stop with those unnecessary & long names
Also Mush maybe I'm bias cause I LOVE pinkie's brew and FIW but AWESOME
Sadly my friend's next music arrangement might be a while
Since now he actually has some client work to work on :B
Now to get people to read my fic.
OOOOOO wat is that? I like the instruments sounds
This guy is watching almost 1200 people.
I know what his next arrangement will be too.
how the hell does he still get outside?
Also as he mentioned on his Twitter, the licenses cleared for the songs, so he can put up HQ downloads on iTunes soon enough~
Its a racing game on Xbox where you can paint your cars
No .png was imported in the making of that car.
How'd you make it? Pixel by pixel?
That had to be hand made out of shapes. Just sayin.
Thats sounds like a huge pain the the flank...
It is, but you get great results
I mean, I know I'm popular on Forza 4, but anypony out of forza thinks the cars are meh
Lamia's got a whole thing on deviantArt about requests. They cost money, though. :/
I'm finding out that I apparently have talent.
If only I was good at writing fics.
ok ok Mush stop gushing over yourself
requests that cost money are called commissions and they're not requests
Wait...I wonder if my video skyrocket in views again
Everyone gush over SheetGhost in a dirty way!
Oh no its quater past 11 in Englandville. I must go now.
*yawn* thank celestia that weeks over, a 64 hour weeks a killer
I'm going to celebrate with a youtube video!
Nope but still no dislikes on it alright
aw dag, they banned colored text :(
SheetGhost AB|Bored - HOW DO YOU DO THAT?
Besides, it's fun to break brains on the rare occasion someone hasn't seen it.
got a message asking if im continueing voices? what in the hell?
* RoxiePie curls up in a ball and rocks gently
Everyone loves me, even though I killed off Rarity
Please continue to kill off everyone we love.
He killed off everyone else before rarity I think.
you get hate msgs after that yip?
In my rewritten version, I killed Rarity first
Then I'm going to go have to read the new one.
There were some people who were sad in comments thoug
In the first version Pinkie was killed first...it made me mucho sad
i got a hate message for killing off an oc once, good times
MicTheMicrophone did a dramatic reading of Pinkie Watches Paint Dry
…The character's heart explodes twice in MLD
feeling pinkie keen is one funny ep
HIE, im really feeling the need to read
How can you be writing if you're here?
Damn, that was his 5th or 6th link
If he comes back and does it again, I'm kicking him. If he does it again after that, he's getting banned.
Ficwhoring just attracts downvotes I realize now
Fortunately for him, I've been spending time with my GF, since I'm leaving tomorrow.
* RunePlate evades and bowed down to everyone
* AB|Bored explodes into a pile of toasters.
AA, do you send all of your fics there? Or just select few?
I'm now getting full credit for everything I've done in AP Bio
Query me if you need me, it'll alert me
Still no word on my Pinkiefic, though. :(
Just the ones I think I can get on, SilentBreeze
I've written like 24 stories and don't want to harass the prereaders too much by submitting ALL my fics
That would of been pretty funny though
Will you send your newest one? Or pass?
i should write some bad stories just to submit so i can harrass blueshift
It doesn't really deserve to be on EqD. It's like a random character study oneshot, not a proper story
Also why do so many people hate  EQd? (im sure theres good reasons I just wanted to hear them)
I thought up a cool new idea for a fic
Most people are bitter because they don't get accepted, RoxiePie
While I was sitting in credit appeal
So I'm planning to write it up as soon as I get home
They think that prereaders accept submissions based on personal preference rather than quality
Anyhow, I just got a bright-spark inspiration idea
On a BRIGHTER NOTE, I want to give Knighty a ghost hug for adding the "moderation queue position" notice to the fanfic toolbar.  That's really awesome!
but, what will she do with it if there's no interwebz
That sounds like it has potential for hilarity
like 80s geeks building computers in garage, I love that kinda stuff
magic could probably make some of the more insane things they did even more insane
All 3 of the CMC are evenly matched.
Remember that Pinkie fic I showed you a while back, Piggy?
She could talk her way to victory?
sweetie belle is better at talking than the other two
She can set fire to shit, right?
I was going to make a joke there, but it seems to bleak.
best game of TF2 I've played so far
Now it's between Scootaloo and Apple Bloom
I'm doing pretty good, Piggy. Didja see my latest blog?
And I'm good, trying to write the next chapter for my story, failing.
I am reading it now. Congratulations boss. :D
Even if Taffy preemptively ruined it for me. -_-
She used Apple Bloom's bow as a you know.
Anyhow, I'm kinda broken up over it
but I'm writing a new thing with some potential
cheating, applebloom woulda won in a contest of pure strength
so at least I'm not out of options if my appeal fails
I havent read the moderation rules in freakin ages
* Skull025|Writing noms RaptorSenior Like a sir
which is why I am broken up over it
You should show it to people. I mean, it's only the structure right?
I'm excited to see how Twilight wins.
I'll wait for the news on my appeal
Hey Obselescence , try ponyfiction archive, I don't know what their rules are but that looks pretty fun
As much as I fantasize about Pinkie.
I just don't see her standing a chance against Twilight.
Well, let's say based on powers only, and not their personalities
GUYS is the Popular Stories sidebar on the right side a new addition?  :P
It's artsy, but it looks pretty good
The writer, in the comments, said the party cannon would play a BIG role in it.
Obs:  It came before fimfiction but was never popular
I have the feeling Twilight's going to stuff it.
I think I heared of something similar, but last I checked, the place I heared of was shut down.
It don't have the same rules and stuff
Hm. Carmine you have good points. But we can't test this.
No matter how I look at this.
I propose we build a portal to equestria
I just think Twilight's going to win.
And get Pinkie and Twilight to fight to the death
Pinkie vs. Twilight in a death battle.
Stop saying 'Hm' all the goddamn time like you're contemplating philisophical shit.
Hey Breeze - I can't see the last question you asked me at all.
im pretty sure twilight had the largest ko count of the changlings
Hm. RaptorSenior_ appears to now hate me. How confusing. Hm. Oh well.
Good thing I'm made of bone, or that would've hurt.
I hate it when people repeat the same crap over and over again.
Glad I could be of service, good sir.
My guess is the structure, Obs. But changing that is bad for the story. :(
looking in realism, Twilight would kill Pinkie anytime
I hope ti turns out well Obs.
While I made a supposed 'convincing' argument for Twilight.
I can do the same for Pinkie.
Looking for realism, they wouldn't fight to the death. =/
She has a HUGE amount of untapped magical powers, which allows her to have a sort of 6th sense, and do things deemed impossible.
She also has an above average amount of stamina.
But Pinkie has an overabundance of it.
You can pass her off as the 'Looney Tunes-esque' character.
But to me, that's just her having an overabundance of magic she doesn't know how to control.
Pinkie can pulls things out of NOWHERE.
I wouldn't be surprised if she pulled a nuke out of her ass one day.
it all depends how you interpret the shows rubberband reality jokes
I'm pretty sure she's as fast as RD too.
if the author decides its mostly bullshit and "Ball stash", shes way weaker
She has the power of fucking demons.
I have a feeling that will be a pivotal moment of the fight.
"Damn Twilight's hard to defeat. Good thing I have stashed M134 all over Equestria just in case."
Your dirty mind just warped it into something else.
I just don't know what went wrong, I 'spose.
welp i know what my next clopfics gonna be
Old lady literature, full of demon sex
how will i ever make the feature box now???
you know, huge saga series for old wimen
Why did I even mention that in the first place, ugh
Now that I've stated points for both ponies.
your call Silent... it was your call
We'll just have to wait and see
I'd still put my bits to Twilight
I just can't picture Pinkie beating Twilight.
It all depends on how the author interprets them, so my bits stay in my mouth
Except #3, which was 2 OCs I haven't heard of before.
I wouldn't be surprise if the writer made her go Pinkamena
She just trained her way up to that level.
rarity wouldnt stand a chance in that fight, unless she can use her knitting supplies
since author made it a hint and not specifically twilight
You could take down Twilight with a surprise attack so everypony HAS a chance, but not a big one
She's nothing more than the child of 2 parents working menial jobs.
They better fix this or I'm screwed
That's what happened in chapter 4, Vivex.
Twilight has a 87% chance of winning.
You know if the author was a recluse
All it takes is one good blow.
I bet Pinkie will win because of Pinkie sense or something like that. Even though Twi SHOULD win.
other than surprise attacks, what else can stagger Twilight???
I'm a huge Pinkie fanatic, I practically worship her.
But I just don't see her winning.
Twi could teleport Pinkie about 200 feet into the air
I adore pinkie, but she-probably wont win
She'll somehow get a shovel and murder Twilight with it.
other than surprise attacks, what else can stagger Twilight???
Twi could expand a force shield within Pinkie
Mods have been awakened since my last visit
also guys, who here is a TF2 fan?
And it HAS been noted that Twilight needs to have a clear line of sight in order to cast a spell.
but twilight could always use spike as bait if things get troublesome
i am making a Scout cosplay costume!
welp... now my bet's on between since SilentBreeze's comment
So if Pinkie is zooming around, Twilight wouldn't be able to use magic on her.
she teleported Pinkie into the Library once
The fact that you said "Mods have been awakened since my last visit" basically tells me "I tend to misbehave, and now I can't because the mods are here"
I still think Twilight's going to win.
Twilight could easily distort gravity around Pinkie so that she can't move
But it's going to be a REALLY interesting fight.
then expand a force shield inside pinkies brain
well as long as i dont misbehave, i see no problems
what else would be a good match?
in the fic or your head canon?
I don't care if it takes two weeks to finish it
who wants to see my Scout costume when it's done?
The only attack spell Twilight knows is magic bolts.
And that takes a LONG time to do.
And if Pinkie's moving, she can't concentrate.
Twilight can transform stuffs... remember when she gave Spike, Snips and Snails moustaches
not really, she did an instant one on discord
it was long ago, probably she's mastered it
I REALLY wanna see Hoity Toity vs. Photo Finish. I'd die laughing.
she can teleport inside of a small ball
I remember Twilight going into fire rage once, so would that mean she knows fire magic?
No, that means it was a goddamn cartoon and it was showing how angry she was.
that beam spell was plenty effective against the changelings
... you just used your : key
it just needs to be pressed harder
I want to buy a late 80s IBM machine keyboard
it's very possible for keys to partially break
especially on a rubber dome keyboard (including most laptop keyboards)
My dream keyboard is a spring metal one with silent keys
I finally found that music from 'we bought a zoo'
And I cannot love and tolerate harder than I can today
so! Inevitable (and hilarious) rage has been quelled for another day!
Blueshift is on some type of LSD
datdamnface, I am putting together a Scout cosplay atm
If the flying sniper doesn't shoot it down in search of piss
as well, garlic helps ward off the creative vampires
When we had reggae assignment in school we stole all the plants from the dancers work rooms and put it in the basement concert room and put pillows EVERYWHERE
and no, I spelt that as I wanted to
we had one week to learn and write reggae songs and style
i would assume she can un-bend the crimp
and then next week, new style and age
Basic reggae is the guitar on the off beat amrite?
The shit people come up with astounds me.
what in the world is generator rex
Like, it depends on what kind of can, I guess.
that is to say: producing shit from both ends
one of the guys in the other band played one chord teh entire song
The solid metal cylinders would probably need a can-opener
It's a cartoon show on CN in the US
Twilight could probably use magic for the pop-tab cans.
As a bassplayer, it was my day to shine
ah. I haven't watched CN in a while.
But it's scary how the REggae scene is still dominated by Bob
its a bad nmae but its pretty kool
speaking of covers, I need a cover artis
blueshift, oh god I just saw your new fic on the front page
well, i dragged myself away long enoguh to write a chapter of a fic
>implying knighty will stop playing D3 next week
and i STILL have a lvl 56 witchdoctor
and honestly, before I looked at the author I thought "looks like someone's trying to be blueshift"
i want to see how its recieved before i go for the next chapter
What would be the Equestrian version of Black Mesa?
That fic made me want to gouge my eyes out.
why would anyone want to be blueshift
I wanted to collab with Aquaman to make one of those
(he knows i only poke fun of him because i love him)
From what I managed to care about.
i've got a mess of fics i'm waiting on new chapters for so i can read... /sigh
Not so sure, seems like you's on some bad acid 0_o
i just shook my head when i saw that one...
* Skull025 noms an irradiated donut hole
I'M MAD at myself. just busted my left headphone speaker.
damn you fluttershy... with your russian yay
I mean when you have a new character delivering dialogue
[19:16] <RaptorSenior> Do not sacrifice flow by adding 'he said, she said' all the fucking time  It just seemed too brash to say fucking
The only problem i have is word raped my document.
I'm not asking for helps but damn... they just pop up
oh well, swearing is just some peoples habbit
I know, but it makes people not want to try on their fics
Nono, but I'm sure the writer isn't offended-
I've been getting shit from hate-machines for the past two goddamn month.
Does anyone else love to mix-up your swears?
the thing i always keep in mind before i start writing,  (and this is only my second ever attempted story) is 'Write the story you want to read'
Pretty good, got a maths exam tomoz
I swear out of habit and necessity.
what Raptor said actually made me think... I had few unneccessary "he said, she said"
I didn't let that get in the way of trying
Habit because I've been swearing since I was three
Anyway, another great thing is adding that extra enter to change character in dialog
And necessity because it's my favorite way to talk.
If you don't believe in gosh, you're going to goto heck you fucking cunt.
I never swear but I don't get Woah unless its in my native language
but they somehow end up being more colorful than a clown's diarrhea.
I now have a strange urge to fuck a clown couch.
I don't generally swear either, it makes me look unintelligent
fuck you ddf I lost my appetite
Swearing for the hell of it makes you look like an idiot
>implying damn with no religious context is a swear
Aaaand the angel comes in to enlighten us.
depends, swearing in a differnet language makes you look like an idiot
My ninja senses are going off, we're being watched
FOR THE LOVE OF PISS. IF YOU ALL DON'T STOP SWEARING I WILL SHOVE YOUR HEADS SO FAR UP YOUR ASSES YOU'LL BE SEEING EVERYTHING THROUGH A SHITFILTER. AS IF YOU DON'T ALREADY
If it's normal, it looks a little off, but saying it like you guys are makes you look really, really terrible
like 14 yearold kids saying "Han der var så fuckings cunt azz"
datdamnface, if you don't stop being so sad. . .
I"M GOING TO MAKE YOU SO FUCKING HAPPY YOU"LL BE SHITTING SUNSHINE!
Raptor looked fine swearing, but everyone else looks like an idiot
maybe i should go back to d3, theres less blood and guts there
THIS IS FUNNY BUT I DONT KNOW WHAT SGOING ON
There's a difference between swearing all the time like a dribbling buffoon and knowing when to actually do it.
My dear sirs, I do fucking believe that any gentleman may swear when appropriate.
and just like that, our swear sess' is over
I have never-- found swearing offensive, but I grew up in a house full of it in a non-hostile way
RaptorSenior, it's quite difficult to guage you as a person.
there's this little girl who have watched MLP with me since I started downloading all the eps... I always squeeze her cheeks whenever she mimicks Fluttershy's yay
I had an aunt that was more colorful than me
Also, to people in this chat I respect, if I'm swearing too much, do tell me and I'll stop immediately.
so, ease the nerves of a nervous kitty.  About how long does it take for a story to get through approval? ballpark?
Skull, I don't really care myself, it just makes you look like an idiot
Skull, all I said is that it made you look like one
No, most of the idiots of the world are situated in America
and the leaders of those idiots, are the republican party!
And I want others to be happy.
That's all there is to it I guess.
Do you reckon how annoying it would be for someone's nick to be in another language
the older I get the less I care about being smart or --"into" science
At least, to me. I've got my dreams, my friends, and my internet.
alright, that lyra vid made me giggle
I am a genius and I am loving life because of MLP
that way the pain can wait another day
Lol bringing up politics in MLP, Celestia will harm you for that
But MLP is giving a good piece of goodness
but what happens when that goodness is gone?
I still think MLP villains suck ass
But also, usually when people say "I am smart" it means they are not
we might stall and hem and haw
but in the end we'll all disband, for there's nothing there at al
I don't know you, so that may be true
anyone got a good show vs tell resource I can link?
Besides, if swearing makes me look dumb, and I'm actually smarter than the person accusing me of being an idiot, the looks on their faces are always priceless.
MLP villains fit the best archetypes. at this place! Is so funneh...
It woulda been boring to all of us who do not like anime
Seriously, it doesn't need to be that long
if someone like hot diggety demon wrote MLP, discord wins, applejack chokes on apples and fluttershy kills RD, and spike smokes weed
But I don't have the skills to do it
i'd be fine if the MLP movie was just done in the same quality as the rest of the episodes
i like the way that ask jappleack has been ging
I want to be an animator some day- still learning
that premise would make a really good fic
but yeah I think they COULD do a movie, but its a helluva lot more work than episodes, AND it redacts resources from the show
I want to be a game designer someday. Still learning ^^
the simpsons season made during animation of simpsons movie was Terrible
i guess what i really hope is that the series doesn't... end before its time
and its time could have a good decade long run
IS then it will probably undergo seasonal devay
But, the fandom will live on for years after.
Well, season 2 is better than season 1.
I'm way more fond of the series than the fandom
so I want as many seasons as possible
The fandom will make it's own episodes.
And with season 3, that makest he usual 65 or so episodes
So we're most likely going on a parabola.
i'm in love with the series AND the fandom
S2 is better than S1, S3 if it does well finanically will guarantee S4
We're going to increase in quality until season 3-4
Why, I saw a guy making his own episode online.
but we dont know cause we arent involved in the show
that's not always the case you know
if MLP lasts 8 years, i'll be happy, if it challanges the Simpsons for longevity, i'll be ecstatic
the way DHX writes is freelance writers
Several tv shows have improved season by season till the very end
IMHO, doctor who hasn't done too badly.
mlp isn't going to challenge the simpsons
The simpsons have been on since like, '87
Avatar was only 3 seasons, not the best example
I prefer MLP and Avatar to Simpsons
I prefer MLP to most any current cartoon and series
and if it is, there's a good chance it would suck by that time
Simpsons was gold for sure, but the last few seasons hurt it so much
but- I have no idea how long the show will last, and I dont like speculating in it
MLP is okay, but I wouldn't say it's the best cartoon/anime series out there
LoK I've heard is a REALLY good show.
Overall it is closer to an average level
I dont like anime so its the best I've seen since s8 ish simpsons
Avatar is one of the best ever
Carmine: It is...but I keep comparing it to TLA, and I shouldn't be.
Because in one episode they had so many romantic interests collide. It feels rushed to me.
Anyone play any legit MMORPGs? Besides WoW
Legend of Korra is filling the holes of the aftermaths of the ending
In Avatar, Aang and the gang were all running around the country, so the settin
But she left within a few episodes.
ah well, i think i'm off for now, ttyl guys
plus the Equalizers will force Korra to chase them
Amon will be out in season 1
* Vivex imagines actual equalizers chasing things, makes no sense
There's a lot of WMG about who Amon is
So LOK is on episode seven, and she still hasn't left the city. Or made much progress with Airbending
A little of a draft for the beginning of my new fic
I'm going to just see how they work with it. Maybe it'll be better soon.
now we meet her rival in love
the one thing I don't like LOK is all that teen angst.
I wonder if Amon will be one of the villains who redeems himself
Eh. I've yet to see teh seventh episode.
Or if he'll be an ass till the end
And that whole bender vs nonbender bull.
I just recently watched Six Feet under and was drowned in Self insert teen age drama vibe from the lead female teen girl
it makes sense, it was bound to happen eventually
I have no idea what you two are talking about, but its good to see the conversation going!
I like it too, but honestly. Okay, I like the mechanic. It's a good one. The execution, mainly how each side is dealing with it (Amon taking away powers, benders being all scared).
Azula's fate is resolved in "The Promise" she won't be back
book two will be out 9 days
chi blocking skill spread like metal bending
But the whole series seems rushed to me.
there will be abusers of such skills
I can't remember his name for some reason
Taht episode with all the blatant cheating
the referee makes all the decisions in that game i guess
no NSFW on here for 4 hours...im impressed.
After he snaps out of his BSOD
And I think that's all my negative criticisms.
Otherwise, the animation ain't half bad on LOK
Pandela: I don't think you should have said that.
TLA started out a bit slow too, remember that.
now imma search ponibooru to break the harmony
hey can one of ya'll add me i could use some help pretty please with Fluttershy on top
Where it took a whole episode to walk across a small field.
Or five to beat a gang of crew stealers
season 2's characterization kicked so much ass. It was also interesting! Amazing.
my heart was crushed when Aang goes saiyan... then lightning
Or ten to rescue Robin from prison
one of the reason why Azula is the best villain in the whole series
I loved it to bits, but really now.
Too bad Fimfic won't let me use the mane six tag twice...
hey can one of ya'll add me i could use some help pretty please with Fluttershy on top   I see wat u did thar......dominant fluttershy is dominant
who was expecting the Book 2's last episode when Aang fully unlocks Avatar State and do some avatar bending?
the teen angst in LOK makes me sick. xD
* AB|Bored slaps Skull025 around a bit with a large trout
sweet thank you Pandela im new here and trying to upload my first clopfic is being a pain in my dick
I think I should do some writing....
The lightning was a bit of a jolt to me.
I was like OMG OMG OMG AVATAR STATE... SHOW THEM!
I was like "oh god, he's dead. he's dead..."
Wasnt Lightning bend in TLA very rare and difficult?
only 3 people could do it AB
the oneshot? I need cover art still. Plus about 150 words
Everyone can do it all willy nilly
KMCA, find a mug of cider ^^
maybe Zuko got Iroh to teach it to people so they could work on industry
I'd like one with Luna getting a face full of cider
* AB|Bored slaps PyroChangeling around a bit with a large trout
also, didn't that one guy create a glove that creates lightning?
Rule #1294 of the internet: Everybody is apparently sad and suicidal.
I'm so sad it no longer is being made.
Shitty upbringing and family history is all I can figure
Calvin and hobbes was my favorite comic growing up.
Who would like to start FiMFic's very first review group/
it came at a random point in the scene, and I was like WTF.... oh, there she goes breaking the fourth wall again HAHAHA
Calvin and Hobes was so the best
well... she probably need time with you
Anyways, RaptorSenior, if you'll have me, I'll help.
good thing I didnt saw mac's schlong... I thought it was a R63 mac
in during you don't know what futa means
All the crazy is making my feel like I don't love her anymore. She doesn't trust me and she's always looking for reasons to bitch at me
good thing I didnt saw mac's schlong... I thought it was a R63 mac without a penis
I don't want to mull over the implications of futabigmac
It IS R63 Mac without a penis
Because he doesn't know what the fuck futa means
I search for wet Luna and all I get is wet mane pics...
Rule #19085 of the internet: It will never fix your relationship.
* PyroChangeling blows up Rune with a C4
oh god, I WAS going to link an image but the url is too long
can't remember... he told something why he wanted to delete it
"Don't worry, Fluttershy," said Twilight.  "Science has proven time and time again that asbestos is absolutely harmless."
I'm still sad Bristle Brushes removed her fic
* PyroChangeling throws a molotov at Skull025
Here's a tip on Mary/Gary Stus: There are a lot of characters who are just like that, but they're done well.
I need 1 more good fic so I can have 40 stories to read later...
For instance, Twilight Sparkle is a prime example of an in-media Mary Su
* PyroChangeling sprays AB with a flamethrower
The point is: there's no exact definition of a Mary/Gary Stu
And have you taken a class on governmetn
The term can be applied to anything
she needs to wear a strapless bra
Also, if you folks bring up political bullshit, I'm kicking you
I'd also possibly do the jailtime for doing her
Seriously, don't start that shit in here.
i for one meant it from a life story perspective
so guys, i had a friend braid my hair in pigtails at school today.
I'd buy her bra, labelled "Vargras' Secret"
people need to stop fancying over ponies and focus on stuff like that. XD
There's a generally accepted version of the term, but not an exact one.
Isn't a Mary sue/ Gary Stu an overpowered unbalancer?
I have been reading To Kill a Mockingbird in class and I picture Scout as AppleJack for some reason.
I mean, Celestia would be a Mary Sue if she ever interfered.
I want to publish a fanfic in Spanish :/
I picture Scout as Scout... or spy
I want to publish one in Gaelic. Tough cookies. Yes, tough cookies.
A person or a character can be a Mary/Gary Stu at certain points in different things
"No I'm not!  I'm a chicken!" said Pinkie.  "Bk'GAWK!"  Then she pulled the stack of papers back out from behind her back.  "Shoot," she muttered.  "Wrong scene again!"
You've got in down for your own opinion on it
even if it's for everyone to know
Flttrshy: where's that from again?  I've seen it somewhere...
Well you've done a wonderful job of that
i'm not sure but that line made me think of the meme.
I spent four months making my own OC. I've researched this many a time.
Carmine: omg hahaha, I read that bro.
Something to read when I get home
It's only going to be on this site for 24 hours
[20:19:23]	Carmine	It's only going to be on this site for 24 hours
Pyro, go read it while you can!
Ffff, okay, AS SOON AS I GET OFF THE BUS
"I have a new weapon." "what..." "Pain" *blam*
he was like "guys give me one liners"
I think I was better off before I read that.
I've become so mad from reading that.
dude that hurts and you may be arrested for public nudity
I spotted a few grammatical errors here and there
I never notice grammar or punctuation. It's the story that makes me happy.
Hey Princess... I have a new element for you.
Remind me to NOT let you read my fic.
"It's settled!" said Pinkie.  "A quadruple party!  No, wait, this is too good to be multiplicative – LET'S GO EXPONENTIAL!"  "Expowhat now?" I said.  "Square, cube, hypercube!" said Pinkie, ignoring me.  "TESSERACT PARTY!  WOO-HOO!  We'll invite everypony in Ponyville to my Tesseract Party!"
if the story is good I don't care
Oh no way! I am? That's fanta- no.
^-^ that's where i'm at right now.
KMCA, an overhwelming amount of errors breaks it for me.
I have just garnered a reviewer mindset for everything I read.
just posting random quotes as I go
I hope you apply that constructively throughout your lifespan.
I'm kind of a stickler for grammar and spelling, but frankly Chromo's better on that front than half of the real noveks I've read lately
"Oo!" squealed Pinkie.  "And if we're doing it in a barn, we can add a square dan
Well a couple of classes in college
The world around is covered in a think blanket of fog
As you look outside, a face appears in the window
that's not how it's supposed to work.
Filled with nothing but remorse and pity
Intro, intro to shakespeare, the greek epic
i'll have to look at that later
Rainbow dash commits suicide after mare do well takes the fame
can't you just use the akick list xaq
Until there's nothing left but you and the face
akick list is even more length limited.
but she wakes up in a place of jusgement
And there is no god there anymore
executed? I can think of authors I'd like executed?
only one i've ever liked... Project Sonflower
My pug is being a suck up.
....egh, as you get into the later G1 intros
G1 did winter wrapup before it was cool?
* PyroChangeling throws the keyboard and monitor screen at Trixie
I'm so sorry mayne. You weren't talking </3
then in the third G1 opening there are, umm... baby carriages?  <_<
I hate soo much, but the most?
back to your timeless porta potty whooves
A    D.     R.  I.   A.    N.     A.      Hi
pinka, why are you typing like that? Why?
Carmine seems Flutterguy had a saved picture of his young self
I L I K E P I E
Pinka, I should warn you... Varg is intolerant, you should talk normally
Once you read the text that accompanies it.
You really thought the dialogue was bland?
To watch something you created to help all those who had been hurt, turned into a weapon that would burn all that you love… To be forced to watch it all happen for over two whole centuries, unable to do anything to stop it… That my friends… Is the Killing Joke…
Carmine, you aren't posting excerpts from crudfics, are you?
That's text that accompanies the Fluttercry image I posted.
(okay I'm going to say this, I'm in a writing mood so please if your going to bother me, it better be important -.-)
That was probably the wrong word choice those Raptor. It wasn't bland, it was...
my vocabulary is too small for me to appropriately respond. :)
Carmine direct link to the tumblr please
Hell,I'm just gonna do what I came here for.
Whilst yours is small, I've gone through critical analysis of the English Language
the duck walked up to the lemonade stand and he said to the man runnin th stand  HEY! Got any grapes? Te man said no we only sell lemonade but it's cold and it's fresh and it's all homemade
Damnit car i had to be ressicated... twice
I don't know every word, and I never will. I just happen to know a lot.
…Came up with House of the Rising Sun by The Animals
I read "pornology"at first here: "You grow apples on your farm, which is a special science called 'pomology'.  "
I've been speaking English for coming on 3 years. I think mine is good considering the circumstances.
Did I log myself in the chat twice?
Give me lessons on the workings of this intricate language.
Yes, it is. Though more in the literature aspects than grammatical, but yes.
So two ponies walk into a bar......... I FORGOT THE REST
I am in the top 10 category for mathematics for high schoolers in the country in no order. The other 9 are all asians -_-
car what's the tumblr name where fs cried? "it made her watch"
three ponies get into a fist fight, who wins? batman
I wouldn't be surprised if I was the only white guy in the top 100
Flttrshy> "Pornology" is either the worst or the best fic name ever.
Yipyapper: Really? Good on you. I for one despise mathematics.
sigh you guys all have special skills
I am still great, but compared to everything else, it's weak.
im considered a genius, but i have no skill at anythign really
* PyroChangeling throws a molotov at Discord
Skull025: I am actually going to apply for a creative position at Valve.
Bigdog: I'm sure you're the top of your class.
Though, it's probably going to be extremely rough to get in.
RaptorSenior, that is VERY difficult to get into.
I have seen similar drawing style on that derpy... on a hentai furries
i dont really apply myself in school
Do you have any previous experience in the industry?
Oh, I could be top of my class if I managed to give a fuck
And people don't shove me into lockers
Because if you don't, you're screwed from teh get go RaptorSenior.
If I do Var will kill me.
And I generally code for my own amusement
In fact, the only people who get shoved into lockers and bullied are the less intelligent people
Yipyapper, you're big on intelligence, aren't ya?
in my old school, you really didnt have any 'locker' bullies
* PyroChangeling puts Carbon Monoxide in our air vents
I may not be intelligent, but darn it I know games.
You made a game skull? I programmed a robot.
i really consider myself more of a geek than a nerd
I kept it between my small circle of IRL friends
If you don't mind me asking RaptorSenior, how old are ya?
I know games and straight A's.U JELLY?!
Anyways I'm gonna work on my fic.
Because if you want to get into the game industry, I recommend Digipen
If you haven't gone to college that is.
I am striving to work for Google
this has egoraptor written all over it
Digipen can help you get there as well.
what des the doctor have to do with this
There's a Google office in Waterloo, which is where I want to attend university
Google is probably equally hard to get into
It's where I'm going, after I make two videogames and a buttload of money.
I live in Alabama, so I really don't have that many options
But my obsession with Google probably helps
I create because I have stories that need to be told
Well, aren't you on a high horse?
Google has been my idol for years, and I am very familiar with them
Heh. I've got stories too. But without money, you can't make them happen.
Don't feel so good emotionally all of a sudden.
Valve would be awesome to work for too
i used to know Bungie like the back of my hand
It was the company I wanted to work for if Google didn't exist
I've followed them for some time, they have a great business plan
* Skywriter has heard that Google loves polymaths. Develop those secondary skills, people!
RaptorSenior: but if you work for valve, you will forget how to count to 3!
* WinterSpeed_ slaps pinka around a bit with a large fishbot
It's tough to get in. Really tough. Like "must make lots of excellent games before you joint them" tough.
Go to Digipen website and read about the guys who made "Paint"
Although I have been following Google excessively
Wait, I'll even find you a link.
whoever made paint needs to be shot
I know Google will be hard to get into, but I have a lot of qualifications even at 15
Piña slaps winter speed with fish bot
Trying to get every advantage I can get
Criticul> Let us know if House and Wilson get gay at the end.
Carmine> Put two things together that don't go together, and make them go together in a way that seems natural.
That's what it takes to get into valve.
* WinterSpeed slaps pinka around a bit with a large fishbot
I'm going to cry manly tears during this finale, I just know it
And you can never do it on your own. Games were meant to be made in teams.
I  leave for two seconds and this is what i return two?
I'm good with coming up with comedy fics.
Carmine> Know what a funny tone of voice is, and what it looks like on the page.
I have been trying to find the best things Google would look for in an employee
But I can't WRITE it to the level I want.
Carmine> And, lastly, *it's all in the timing*.
Like, I'm going to have Pinkie interrupt RD and Twilight having sex.
Yipyapper, my dad works for google. I can ask him and relay that info to you.
And since you're good in math that's a definite plus
He also used to teach at DigiPen
I don't know where I come up with these ideas.
my little mass effect: friendship is biotics
guys...Olivia Wilde is in the series finale
I will pay you to write thst
I used to think RD was best pony.
im so glad there were no arrows involed anon
What would be a name for a High School in Canterlot?
Carmine> Everybody has an idea where ideas come from.
I thought of a fic that can span over 200k words in under a minute.
Carmine> Then that's your idea of where ideas come from.
But ideas are a dime a dozen.
While my thoughts were focused on the WEATHER.
My little mass effect: friendship is biotics
I just think of ideas out of the blue
Don't make a play on words of the show's title.
I'm still waiting for my new story to get approved :<
Skull, don't make me remove both your femurs
Carmine> Better too many than too few.
RaptorSenior, I'd be honored to have my femurs removed by you.
I had to wait 22 hours, AP
* Discord_Whooves traps raptorsenior in the event horizon of a collapsing galaxy
You forget that an ethereal being has no bounds to reality
I remember when the website I help moderate had a system like this one x3
You both forget that roleplay isn't allowed in here.
Var has earned the 'Doing his fucking job' award.
If you want to roleplay, do it somewhere else.
Vargras has earned the "best boss of the year award"
It's not allowed in here, and there's a rule against it.
Vargras has a big red button AND HE'S NOT AFRAID TO USE IT.
Ohey, when did Skywriter get in here
Push the button!  ...but aim it at yourself, first.  :3c
There's a great many things that really don't need to be said.
What you just said was one of them.
It didn't need to be said, you just wanted to get the last word in.
This chat would be quiet indeed if all the unnecessary were to be trimmed from it
Obselescence> I blame your perceptiveness less than the mile-a-minute scroll.
I wasn't here earlier in the day
I was fine with it at first, but SURPRISE SURPRISE, it quickly got abused.
So I set the channel to +c
I apologize since I was the source of the problem
Is this the place to ask for a Royal Guard tag on FiMFic?
Sagebrush: It's been asked before, both on the site and on the FIM Fiction facebook page.
Use the OC or Other tag for it.
Okay!  Off to watch 1970's television with Spousy McSpousealot.
I don't think they're gonna add any character tags unless they're important characters, even one-episode ones.
hmm...mom's latest attempt at a cassarole is actually pretty delicious
I think a discussion of it would be a waste of time if there's noone present to do anything about it.
Speaking of importance, does knighty ever come on here?
I think you just discovered the fault of political debates. Lawls.
if it's something that poul would immediately shoot down, it's either not worthy or pouls in a bad mood
don't really want to talk about Poult right now.
datdamnface and I are doing a horror fic
You just like coming up with ideas?
Well Carmine, find someone who's willing to write for you.
Hmmmm....so do emails notifications get disabled if you get too many favorites and whatnot?
That's a good question, Pegasus.  I've stopped receiving them.
I pour out a lot of dialogue, but nothing in the action parts.
reading White Box for the first time.
I stopped receiving them except for replies to my comments.
And it started when I started getting like, 200+ notifications a day lawls.
Skull, have you checked out the new DYFA yet?
I write tons and tons of fics, Pandela.
Email notifications have been disabled for a while
OH, I checked out the new one, yes.
lol i knew i swa you name somwhere
I hate when I get notifications and I think it's something to do with my story
I was asking about them, and no one even told me.
didnt you do some dark fis AP?
Skull: I feel like that's a challenge right there.
Dark? I write sad fics but not DARK....
i read one but i dont remember
you might have read Transcend or Incorrect Assumptions, Pandela.
would it be out of character for AJ to buck somepony, thinking they were going to turn ponies into meat?
Sounds like it might be self defense.
She usually doesn't jump to conclusions, but I can see her doing it under the right circumstances
say, she opened a crate and found it FULL of jerky
and then saw the pony who owned the crate
anyone knows how I embed youtube videos in a blog post?
* Cyborg_Superman uses skull as a bowling ball
But I'm too far into fics to just STOP writing.
Skull: Not a challenge I can rise to, I believe. Don't know anyone here well enough to effectively step on toes.
I got a big amount of progress.
Remember... every life, is a special story of its own
What is a great teacher name, guys?
i read the secret life of celetia
I've decided to call my HL2 crossover fic: Infinity
best clop i had read in a long time
Well listen up you all! Because I have a tale to tell
one so grim, foul, and bleak, almost as black as hell
Filled with sweet child's dreams, and the cold killer's delight
That load of bullshit I should have tossed down the recycle bin of Hell eons ago
A disturbing tale to hear at night
It was back when I had first tried my hand at Fan fiction
Raptor, what are you even talking about?
Looking back on it now, it's a load of absolute horse shit
I think that goes for most peoples' first fic
I'm waiting for a new clopfic to get approved right now.
I think I did a good job for my first chapter of my fic
Why do you say you are a horrible writer?
I'm not the best writer in the world, but I know what is and what isn't good writing
"Deep things that mean nothing to us which cannot be explained. Purple."
what the fak is going on here
I'm going to write a paragraph of philosophy.
Do you submit a text and get it fixed?
apparently i'm a great storyteller and a mediocre writer
But I've been working on this fic for 2 weeks now.
Only your perception of the universe sucks
I like the universe, I mean I live in it
So excuse me if I'm not that enthusiastic.
* RaptorSenior has been working on the first chapter of his fic for two months.
That's not bad. I've certainly had slowly rates in writing.
At least you don't get 4 ideas and push 'em away thinking "I'll write it sooner or later."
I will be able to die happy if the universe makes a MLP game for Xbox 360 or DSi or something
Still writing the next chapter to one story after four years.
* Pyro_Writing is nearly done with his first chapter of his fic and he barely started yesterday. ^^
There's very few thigns I'll take the initiative to write.
One of them being a gorefic I want to write.
I just write, and then edit. Then write some more.
Another one being a gurofic that'll be the GORIEST thing on the site.
I wonder if my character is a Gary Stu.
I like to write, and I love to see feedback
My character is most certainly not a mary sue.
I write mostly so I can get feedback
Pyro: there's a Gary Stu test on the Internet somewhere
Oh, I'm going to top Scarlet Harvest
I still need a female math teacher name.
Managed to punp out another 1000 words for my Ditzy Doo fic I was commissioned to do.
More ancient force of nature than anything else
It is a school in Canterlot....how does Ms. Equalatiral sound?
Should be animating, should be writing, but rather I'm on this channel.
I swear, sometimes I must be dyslexic or something
Hmm... Who here is familiar with my work? Particularly, The Candy Sutra?
I believe I've read all of your work, Gentleman.
Miss Auora is more for music or science.
I will keep the name in mind for later.
Well, anyway, I got the urge to write, well, a clopfic...
* RaptorSenior|Writing has changed a single scene over 50 times.
I'm not allowed to fake hostility as a way to get people to stop pinging me?
Again, you have no right to complain
2nd person story, starring the "you" from The Candy Sutra
You've mentioned that a few times before if I remember correctly.
Ernest Hemmingway changed a single paragraph over a hundred times.
Ernest Hemmingway was not a fanfiction writer.
I did. It's just I wrote it on paper first.
In fact, I wrote original fiction before I joined the fandom
And I write game stories and game mechanics.
In fact Im going to Make an Fanfic
Well, I've been transcribing it... Wondering if I should post it.
You don't like a lot of things, do you RaptorSenior?
A goal that is not to fulfil itself.
It comes down to this: Are you proud of it?
Cause you know.Im just The 'sane' person for the Job
Not the content, but the writing itself?
What is a German female name beginning with 'E?'
Preferrably the one you were using before
Now you know why I can never trust Apple to make good software
Cause Im "Saneist" for the Fanfic psyche
1=1=1=1+INF=nothing now you end all time and space
I suggested the name in the idea of Elise Issa Falls.
RaptorSenior, I respect you, but shut up.
Got any ideas people to an Fanfic to write also must insaneity in too
I don't want my fic to fail because of a fucking name....
Insane: Twilight Sparkle getting banned from the local watering hole.
So, my girlfriend doesn't watch MLP (as far as I know)
And yet she just linked me two of the .MOV movies
You're acting like a dumbshit. Cease. Talk like a normal person in here or I will escort you out.
...not sure if fan of HotDiggedyDemon, or actually likes MLP
Scystorm Who are Tell me That I Can't do this.Just being me
* Insane was kicked by ScyStorm (Doesn't look like you're stopping. Cease and desist or don't come back.)
Vargras, ask her if she likes MLP
Ask her, Var. Then show her your hot steamy fanfics
I may just say 'FUCK THIS' and go do some Pinkie art.
...But then I'll fuck that up as well
From Daniel Ingram's facebook: I think it's time to update the old Wikipedia page again. Volunteers to add the 2 Emmy nominations? Also, I can now claim over 100 songs, counting the ones that haven't aired but will.
The bane of any fandom: porn of the characters
Great just Being Ban for no Reason
"counting the ones that haven't aired but will."
I draw better on my iPad than on paper
Insane: No, you were kicked because you were being a dumbfuck and you weren't following OP directions.
You're not "being yourself." You're typing like an idiot and acting like you're really insane. Stop it.
So contrary to what you may think, we actually can tell you what to do.
For god sake man can't an joke for god sake
If you're going to make a joke, do two things. 1) Actually be able to use the English language in an effective manner, and 2) Be funny.
...This is going to end so terribly.
Carmine, can I ask you to draw someting?
Nevermind, I only have 496 words out of at least 2500.
* Carmine still can't draw for shit
Since I can't draw period, why not.
I only color things on my iPad...
I'mma Going eat This Stoup until you say Pizza
House is making manly tears fall. D:
I shan't ruin it. You must watch this.
Anyone here ever read "One flew over the cuckoo's nest?"
I asked. She only linked them because she thought they were funny.
Scootaloo turned out to be a peacock.
Is english your 3rd language or something?
She watches Adventure Time, and she's got a Finn hat.
Not just a future wife of a cock(rooster)
So many sublimal messages in the world
She fucking loves panic at the disco
We've been dating for almost three years. I'm pretty sure I know what she does and does not like or listen to.
Welp, I'm sad. I'm going to go write now. Bye guys.
it Part of running gag in all out
Its a quote from Wacky game jokez four kidz
I was gonna do that but decided against it.
Night RaptorSenior, Pyro, Discord, Vargras, Carmine and Yip
....but I would like to return them. They were CRAP.
Because everything you are saying is pointless and stupid
Moreso than the average stupidity I see
Yup. And I say some pretty stupid things.
....I hope in the way I mean.
And that is how you call a motion
You must have logical sense to thing or rule and law just do'nt matter anymore
all in favor of labeling him retarded say "I"
There seem to be no good two letter cities, or am I missing something?
or is it ladd...no I'm thinking of laddie.
Ok i think I know you just same people in Space station 13.Well are you
Just please don't make me snap a chihuahua's neck.
* RaptorSenior|Writing peeks head back into chat.
I feel horrible for saying that now.
Keep it down with the chihuahua neck snapping
Let's see who knows what I'm talking about when I say
And thus ends my 12th day on the site
Yip,Please talk like this hello,im am normal human being.I made mistake but still that is the idea
Devil went down to Cloudsdale, he was looking for a soul to steal.
Insane, learn some english and I'll talk
way behind, looking for a sould to steal.
You didn't realize that the moment I said: "Apple's a bunch of faggots" ?
Hello.Im am normal human being. I made mistake but still that is the idea
I'm either surrounded by old people or young people.
Do i need space near fullstop like that
I really need to get back to that Super Metroid playthrough sometime...
Drbob: least I could do after you helped me follow up the song.
I'd prefer people in here actually make fucking sense.
Oh oh a song? Can we sing?
If you are trying to be confusing
That's what I've been saying, that people should make sense
Goddamn, I'm getting tired of saying that.
Winter you just broken law of Writeing
I am gonna shoot myself if I see sudden stuff again.
holy fuck I did not see that ending coming. IF any of you like House, you need to see that series finale.
Yes Scy, sad it's ending... but damn, that ending.
I've only seen a few eps, in like, early seasons :B  So heh
I'm gonna say that repeatedly when I get the chance now.
One day, I'll drive a stake through my heart in a fit of vampire bloodlust.
He been Wrong Everytime.you could say that too
Insane, like I said, learn some english
lol Criticul, just looked on my cable guide, the episode is called "Swan Song; Everybody Dies"
One day I will crack, when that day comes many lives will be lost. Then they will take me to the Mental Asylum.
It was one of my favorite series finales ever.
Two and a Half Men's finale was so funnt
I don't even watch House but I will watch the finale anyway.
Though it's not on for another hour. I require foods.
I don't even watch House and I won't watch the finale ever.
I don't even know what it's about :/
Yeah Var, you're too busy writing steamy guard pony romance. Or not.
Hmmm, I want to share music. Someone give me a genre.
Ugh. My shitlist keeps on getting bigger. Will it ever stop?
Hey, it might still be steamy. You don't know that!
Are you actually a classical fan, or are you joking?
Actually I do!  But I mean you might not actually be writing it.
Could be writing stuff with a nurse and a big farmer pony perhaps.
guess what all? ive been on this chat 26 hours straight
"LARGE HADRON CIDER" .... makes me think of particle colliders.
House is about diseases never being lupus
I think tharfore im am i,so is thou say
I'll just list some bands for recent stuff and then link some songs.
House is about a doctor who is a complete ass.
N64Fan:  Except the one time where it was
House is about me, if my name were Gregory House and I was a doctor.
On behalf of every fiber of my existence
I am so sorry for lasting all time in sapce
Wikipedia tends to reveal details you don't want to know
Artimae: Series finale, you watch it? :P
heh, i now know how house ended
The fuck would someone's last name be 'House'?
peanut butter and jelly, mother smucker, do you eat it?
I regret ever posting the submit button
The new Pinkie's Brew is going to be awesome.
Death metal is a little beyond my bounds, but Hammerfall is pretty metally. Sonata Artica too.
Dr. Steel is good for you steampunk fans
Yeah, death metal sucks, unless it's melodic death metal. <3
Hammerfall is power metal, Sonata Arctica is symphonic metal. All of my gusta.
Eh, even Maiden can push it sometimes for me
so.. its been about two hours and I still don't have a queue position on my story... is that normal?
Anything heavier than hard rock except maiden I dislike
I like the Classic Rock and Hard Rock mostly
I am listening to Hardware Store, and now I wanna get something from one.
Although U2 and Pink Floyd are my favourites
... is there gonna be blacksmith genre do you think?  Smithypunk?
A fedora mask? Is that like for the mysterious gangster of awesomeness?
And what the hell is an automatic circumciser?!
I cannot deny or confirm any rumors about any gang activities. Mysteriously.
Nothing I want to get near, pyro
As in what does it freakin' look like?
Avantasia is pretty good for Mithril Rock.
Favourite albums, everyone? If you have a specific preference, that is.
Make sure to join us again next time for more extreme hockey, next time on... DUNGEONPUCK
I'm the youngest and even I know that.
your name wouldnt be inspired by paladin vargas of fallout 3? would it?
well fuck it. Can't even argue with this damn tablet.
Excuse me while I go hate myself for writing such an abomination.
is it just me or has the average intelligence of this channel not stopped dropping
Like... i would argue but. There is no bro in you
So I'm going to say that Discolight is the best name for a pairing that makes absolutely no sense.
also--yes and what a meh end it was.
Then why is my DVR still recording new episodes?
so it's recording the last new ep ever
* Insane was kicked by Vargras (Annnnd it's outta here!)
Show no mercy~  I'll be back with sandwich.
If he keeps up, he'll get banned.
So will he be banned after the 3rd kick?
Well, I've learned a lesson; don't have high expectations for your five.
There should be a votekick implementation here.
What if we created a chat  for people to roleplay in with their oc's and stuff from their stories
I love how everyone floods chat with random phrases until it cycles out the last set and then everyone pauses to read what everyone else just said
i also have an idea, square buns
Are you like, the actual author of the Discord Whooves Tumblr?
D_W:  Do whatever you want. FimFiction is not endorsing such chats though.
hm, does anyone have time to look at some writing for me?
With the fic he put out just today
i didnt, but hats deserve to be spoken of
I can look at some writing for ya Sukasa
hm, how does banning from the chatroom match up with the user's fimfiction account? do they have any bearing on each other?
* FireSoul sighs and cries a little at the fact that 'House M.D.' is over. But, relishes the thought of getting the full Blu-Ray set of all 8 seasons for Christmas or something.
Zecora mode: You will not come back, Scy. Tonight you are going to DIE!
Oh god you have the same ISP as me.
I need to do my freaking report...
man i would flip out if i saw someone with the same isp as me, since its a limited local company
Just means they're in the same-ish area as me.
Var: heh, hostmasks are fun.  One other person here lives just over an hour from me according to their hostmask
Meet up. Have coffee. Exchange fic ideas
Vargras, who shares the same ISP as you?
Pyro, epic Jay Naylor parody comic reference.
See comment above which I have already posted
so not necessarily close to you at all
Canadian, so I know fuck-all about US geography
No. Do not reference crappy Disneyy shows
I need to watch some of that show.  The little bits of the madman I've seen is fun
Basically, Kentucky is known for fried chicken and horses, Ohio is airplanes, and Indiana is...
The fuck is Indiana even known for, really?
Deus Ex: Human Revolution = best game ever...
Pyro, you were wondering what I was talking about earlier regarding the reference?
I think my parents swear by a flee market thing there
I've seen a number of Canadians here other than myself
For being the flat expanse to the south of Illinois.
Pyro, check the link.  That's what I was talking about with the reference thing when you said 'IT'S GOOFY TIME!'
pukes only wm1, they can't write... Let alone speak...
[10:13:15 PM] Professor Script Scrolls: how?!!! [10:13:28 PM] Professor Script Scrolls: it's literally the most amazing thing ever [10:14:16 PM] Chester Broken: not really... [10:14:24 PM] Professor Script Scrolls: that last episode only proves its superiority to everything else ever made
We learned about fish in class today.
It's why I don't eat it either
I don't want her breaking out :B
Who here writes while under the influence from time to time?
my friend said he hated Avatar TLA because the characters weren't diverse, the villains sucked, and it never progressed.
The one who I slit it's throat like Sweeney Todd
I understand people not liking the show, but those reasons are all wrong. ._.
at least we get cheap tabasco sauce
Hmm... well first season villains are lackluster
Zebra land version of the Apple family.
Once Azula shows up that the villains aren't fun is a blatant lie thouhg
as I said, I understand people not liking it... but saying the characters weren't diverse? O_o
and in fairness Zuko's not a bad villain just not amazing.
That show was one of the best shows for character development I have ever seen
Well--racially presumably...? Buut... they kind of are so
I no longer consider this mans argument to be valid
Zuko intrigued me as a villain because I could see his internal struggle.
I can understand some frustration with the progression of Avatar though. It often felt like it didn't know how to juggle an ongoing plot thread.
Pyro_Writing: I'm working on a fic that has that premise >.>
Didn't I influence you to do it?
Two hollywood phonies tried to give me their autographs… GROUND!
So an episode will end on a big dramatic issue and then we won't really see the fallout of it and maybe it gets brouhgt up again in another 5-10 episodes
* Bass_Tone slaps Bass_Tone around a bit with a large fishbot
he just called TLA steampunk. I don't even xD
* Pyro_Writing slaps AB|Bored around a bit with a large fishbot
That's not a bad comparison, from what I've seen.
I asked if he meant Korra, he did not.
* Discord_Whooves does what cyborg superman did to coast city to everyone
Man, this ain't my dad! This is a cellphone!
Pyro_Writing: not likely, it was something I was using for a story where Applejack learns about Zecora
so I threw it on the ground.
And from what I've seen of the Earth Kingdom, they're bordering on it as well.
wow, self insert not from characters perspective has him looking like a villian... That's awesome, NEW PLOT DIRECTION!
they're nothing like steam punk. The only thing remotely steampunk are the warships
it's just taking to long since my aunt is still in africa she's too busy with the military coup over there to translate stuff for me
I'm still [A] so I'm not THAT here
Canadians can't rule the world, since Google will.
I'm writing and watching "How to train your Dragon"
* Discord_Whooves kills pyro with a glacier
Ah, I see, Carpet. That is cool.
KMCA those are the two greatest things to do
I am listening to U2 as I chat
Someone give me some motivation to write.
Chat always distracts me from writing -_-
They are a lot like steampunk, with magic. A good part of the show is watching them start to develop steampunk style technology.
* Bigdog117 slaps Pyro_Writing around a bit with a large fishbot
DrBob: give me up to five characters, and I'll give you a story premise
could someone help Yip out by kicking him?
Actually, I'm writing a fic about an immigrant unicorn adjusting to Canterlot School for the Gifted.
Some of me wants to be kiked
I have the ideas, just not the motivation to write 'em down.
ok, pyro you've got your writing permission back
DrBob: collab with a friend, that usually helps for some reason
I've contemplated that, maybe once summer rolls around and I have a bit more time to hang out with some friends.
I'm distracted, but working on a suspense/horror fic similar to The Northern Incident by Max Gilardi (Hotdiggedydemon)
i dont want to finish my fic before you
Awkward moment when there is a pimple above your nipple.
* Pyro_Writing grabs the rope and stool
Awkward moment when you find a 2-inch long nipple hair
I need to calm my addiction to #fimfiction and write
Awkward moment when you have nipples on your pimples
Futashy reminds me of Bridget from Guilty Gear
* Bigdog117 slaps Yipyapper|Mobile around a bit with a large fishbot
If I wasn't distracted bigdog, I would've finished a couple chapters of DYFA and have On Stranger Land finished
Remember though, you have beeb distracting me a lot :/
How many of you in here think FiM is the best show out right now? Just a quick survey
ima look for a random youtube vid
or, is your favorite show of all time.
best show out of like, all shows on tv right now?
Young Justice is on TV right now.
yeah, best show out. How many of you think that?
Arrested Development is probably my favourite all time
I guess its my favourite right now
Its always sunny kicks the poop out of MLP, but I like comedy
The most disturbing pairing ever:what is it?
I still don't get that pairing, Pyro.
The MLP community is by far the best one I have ever seen though
Kasune gjkldsjafdsa I need to get into YJ! They brought Blue Beetle on!
Freeman x Discord is best pairing no doubt
Pumpkin cake is the unicorn daughter of Mr and Mrs caake
Also--Netflix recommends me MLP FiM based on my interest in Doctor Who.  Seriously, bronies?
FM: Well, I have both in my viewing history, so...
And also a shitload of Star Trek
It's kinda ridiculous--seeing as the shows... have overlap but no actual similarity
well at least she's Mrs Cake's daughter (i still think she cheated)
also, now I understand why Chromosome is deleting that story
it does, indeed, deserve to die quietly after this  :p
well i  have to go see my marshmallow so goodbye
also: I read a newspaper article that went out of its way to say "Doctor Who (not Dr. Who, as fans will tell you) is a time lord..."
I'm in a love hate relationship with Star Wars.
I kind of cracked up and wanted to facepalm at the same time.
If Dragon Ball was cross overed with MLP..
Goku would think Suprise is a super saiyan
The season opening against Discord would have been two seasons long instead of two episodes
of course Team Four Star would eventually show up
How many saiyans does it take to change a light bulb?
I love Surprise. I want Surprise ;-;
Any joke with the word "saiyan" in it is probably bad
DBZ was so much better in manga form, they dragged anime out with all that filler
What would pinkie and RD's fusion be like?
I just had an interesting (to me) idea
There should be a fic where everypony is Canadian
we dont need any hockey and beer fics yip
You will truly fly, the way I shall have you die!
If you played story of the blanks at somewhere close to midnight you have balls
I played it at night. It's neat but not particularly scary
I'm thinking about writing a pony eulogy
If you want creepy, I'll give you creepy.
Which actually is sort of scary but is undermined by the jumpscares
What would make a pony eulogy different from a regular one?
define the kind of creepy you're looking fore: Accidental Nightmare Feul or High Octane Nightmare Feul
A speech given at a funeral to honor the dead person
I know… what about a fic where each pony is the leader of a country?
I played a fun trick on someone at a forum once
For psychology, I had to write my own euology.
Just to be a nut, I had one of the admins take an abandoned user account and we styled it up after Ruby
Kasune: Like a eulogy for one of the mane 6 or a whole funeral
and we changed the look of the forum for him to match the red-and-black scheme
Eulogy for Rainbow Dash, make it like that one fic.
and had "Ruby" message him, "HELLO AGAIN, FRIEND."
Ugh I don't wanna do my project.
Killing RD has been done to death (no pun intended)
I think I'm gonna go for now. Bye guys.
kill someone else for a change, kill mr cake
Pinkie pie would have to be Russia
Carpetbagger: You saying it's easy to kill RD?
I was bored so I decided to come back
cyanide what'd you think of it  <_<
Why can't I come into chat without mention of futa?
Alright, I'll write em down. Tell me who you think gets each country
Hey, guys. Let's mix up mental disorders to see what things we can come up with!
As author, I veto Applejack gets Canada
there i am typing and she just dies
Kasune: no, it's just been overdone, like Scootaloo getting killed in every grindmark fic
That would be so awesome to have.
that was...  I felt like I understood what "trollfic" truly meant, after that
Well, it'd be better if more people participated
(back on the computer with the bad : key)
silly fillies, Pinkie Pie IS a country!
this is a boring conversation for me..
Carmine you cannot have sex with Pinkie Pie
For she is a cartoon and does not have the parts
Carmine, the earth is round.  There is no up or down!
if anywhere, Pinkie is Liberia. the most off the wall country there is.
is this for Hetalia or G Gundam
I've never seen Hetalia, but Rarity should be Jerusalem
Car: I... So she's a vinyl fetishist too, huh?
The only ones decided are: Applejack/Canada, Rainbow/America, Rarity/France
Twilight is some asian country , super smart
rainbow is how americans see themselves, applejack is how everyone else sees americans
Mental note: not clicking anymore links tonight.
As author, I vetoed AJ as Canadian
....oh god I just imagined Twi playing Starcraft
What the hell is going on in here?
Or so mixed, she doesn't know what she is
Suddenly, I want to kill you, Carmine
Carcar, that is horrifying. What even IS that?
Twilight could be either Korean or Japanese
Looks like a ponified White Queen from American Mcgee's Alice
This chatroom digresses ever more into sheer madness by the day, doesn't it?
I think Twilight would be great in Japan
I doubt you can ruin my childhood any more than it already has been
I have to have an animation for tomorrow.
The hell are we talking about anyway?
Because she would be the only one to say"PASTA!"
my little pony is helatia for men
No one cares which pony would be which country
is it bad to say the only reason I watch mlp is for the witty humor? I feel I going to catch flak for this
criticul, it means you are grounded somewhat in reality
IT was fun at first, now it's annoying
im not sure if it will get you far with us bronies though
I've seen so many people try to justify liking the show with these incredulous claims that are simply not true. I just think it's witty, and the fandom is cool.
If other ponies get some, Celestia is England
Crit: Agreed with Sheet. Just means you're one of those "normal" people :P
It's a french cartoon based off of the game
It's like .hack except French and apparently better.
It's villains are 10x better than MLPs villains
Alright, who the hell sent out the Teratoma pic?
That things gonna give me nightmares D:
better then the .Hack game or the series
I specialize in nightmare fuel and music.
Code Lyoko was the bomb. I've been considering doing a cross with Silent Hill that had Jeremy there when he didn't materialize that one time
Loki has bad ass armor (obviously changing subject)
No, but I know a song or two that classifies as that
Though that's not saying much, since I've been planning a mass cross with silent hill. But still. Itd be awesome
Nox is a villain in Wakfu. He has the power to control time and is completely and utterly insane
The experiments of twilight sparkle beat cupcakes
Crazy Twilight > Pinkamena any day of the week
but Red Velvet (alternate Pinke from Crisis: Equestria) is much scarier than the two of them together
Anyone want to collab with me on this HL2 crossover?
Please.stop.I am scared of everything but fanfics
Yipyapper: I have no fucking idea what you just said.
Am tempted, being a harcore HL fan
If it is from you,drbob,I will never open it.ever
Sorry, keyboard is screwy while it charges
I promise to always give fair warning.
Probably not, this chat is too addicting
Yipyapper: You still didn't answer my question.
And here I was thinking I was gonna get some Monster Hunter in tonight.
tell me about it. I've been even less productive since discovering the chat
But I love HL so I'd love to help at some point
Now I feel kinda bad for the creepy stuff, brb with some cute.
And Twilight ISN'T taking the place of Alyx
Twilight would be that....I forgot what it was..the fire..thingy
Confound these airlines they drive me to drink
The protag's name I don't have yet
Oh, is it about a place in Equestria like Black Mesa?
It's styled corresponding to the events of HL2
I had that idea in chat, didn't think someone was actually making it
someoen Gmodded a Pinkie Pie personality sphere
But I want to make it so readers who have never played the games (Both HL1 &2)
Aaaand that should about make up for it.
welp im gonna go play with my kittens
He died when his copter short-circuited midflight
Care to join me working on it? Not now, obviously.
They thought the shell would save him....
somebody is trying to tell me that the brony community is all about love and tolerance. ._. That may be a motto, but honestly... nobody really follows that
DYFA isn't known enough for me to come out with weekly updates
I'll fuck a person up if you want.
I'm getting a nice little blade soon.
nobody seems to know the meaning of Tolerate
Love and tolerance isn't even a key word in the show...
I'll prove we're not all fuzzy and snuggly.
Go fast on deviant art broke my keyboard
This will be an interesting prospect, for sure.
Cuz my 6 inch Buck knife would like a word
Listening to Mic's reading of AA's fic. It's amazing.
anypony  know where i can find MLP flash games?
sigh... great start to fix my course subjects
Sometimes I think this entire fandom is an elaborate collective troll
I may also invest into a katana.
Once we finish that and I finish my two fics, I'm starting one where the mane 6 all control a country ^_^
My goal is to eventually establish the foundation for another fanon universe
Thinking of knifes made me want to whittle something.
I has no knives. I need some.
That's my goal with Paradise Lost, Uprising, Dystopia, and Author's Last
But I have to create the backbone with a story
You know what, I need some motivation.
How about a Final Fantasy Equestria crossover
I am not going to watch the 'save derpy' video
Who wants to hear one of my fic ideas?
Contact me on FiMFic about the collab
Oh, and welcome back to insanity, Skull025
doesn't matter, the pilot was basically a RPG
It's not insane here. It's normal to me.
wats your funny pic pot of teh day carpet???
Normal = a nonexistant state of being
Bye Carmine. Sleep well, eat well, be well.
don't have one yet, but let's see...
How are you holding up?because IM A POTATO!
Normal is also a state of being where one feels at ease or comfortable with any person, parties or self that happens to be around.
Skull025: Then your definition of 'normality' is vastly different from my own.
overlord? A bit much, dont ya think? Don't want to spoil him. :p
hey winter can you link me to the deviant mlp games?
I was raised in a weird house.
You dare soil the name of our benevolent ruler?!
... deviant deviant or hosted on deviantart?
Because those are very very different things
everytime I see Scy's name, either it's the Protoss Psi Storm or a wind elemental Scyther
First,do you want to break your keyboards space bar
We must sacrifice the most worthy of us to appease the omnipotent Scy.
I for one nominate everyone that isn't me.
Imsane was a meany mc stupid pants
I call dibs on any stray limbs and organs!
Wait let me get on my laptop to give you the links k pandela
I totally owned this guys argument point. And his response was "it's hard to tolerate parasprites." I'm losing my mind here.
How did I just now find them?
what is your shortest description of a guy with bipolar
Ganon has invaded the is;and of Korodai, send Link!
I just got through a flame war, and I need more material.
Start a console war, it never fails.
Anyone got some annoying fanbrat I could taunt?
I motion to make it illegal to ignite the court physician.
Silly filly, it was fake fire ^^
Then why did it rend my real skin?
Where I'm concerned, everything is real fire. Bitch.
My skin is on the outside of my head, any physician knows that.
Acidic, you silly filly. I'm not a bitch ^^
Yay, we fit like two peas in a pod ^^
You're either going to annoy me into trolling the fuck out of you, or you're growing on me.
Acidic, I'm impossible to troll. Most of the time anyways.
Skull025: I can be surprisingly persistent. ^_^
>.< i had to change the name of my story so people would acually read it
I can be surprisingly subborn. Let's see if they match.
It's better when you see the cute vinyl scratch taht comes along with it Acidic.
I just make every joke I can think of.
Because someone somewhere is always going to laugh at it.
Skull025: I have no doubt about that.
excuse me while i pet my kittens
well im in the process of hopfully a fimfiction first
Who wants to watch me experiment with drawing.
Skull025: I'm Acidic. I don't do nice. :P
well i have hand written a story and i have a team of up to 7 people that agreed to help me make a live action/animated movie out of my fanfic
i know i hope im the first to attempt this its gonna be about an hour and fourty-five minutes long
Bigdog117: In America, the only humans are giant parrots.
>"Let's make Loki smiling the most reblogged gif on Tumblr."
* Acidic is tempted to try dog meat.
so do u think its gonna work out ok
Where the nukes are the most important weapon!
all I know is, this is going to be awsome
So, if none of you have seen it
Gah. So many annoying, stupid upstart trolls are PM'ing me. ALL MY HATE.
One of the hate messages device heretic got basically said that he relentlessly criticizes other works, but he never does the same to his own
if you posted anything winter i missed it
He went and criticized the shit out of Eternal
What's with you people and 'nomming' things
Pandela_: you were afk? I posted like 5 awesome pics
You're brutally honest and sometimes mean. I nom people.
* RaptorSenior slams Acidic to the ground
I'm an IRC noob, how do I do the pink text stuff?
And you said that my personality was hard to determine..
lurk for a while, you'll find out I'm sure
* Bigdog117 kills RaptorSenior in a Micheal Bay like manner.
That blog post is very enjoyable indeed :D
the voice acting is even worse than before
How many times must I say it?
I just observe, and attempt to piece together things.
And what did you piece together about me? I'm fairly interested.
This was likely the craziest part of the blog post
"FLAW THE THIRD IN ETERNAL: THE FIRST TWO CHAPTERS ARE FROM ANOTHER STORY ENTIRELY "
Hey, you guys know that one song?
The one that goes "beep boo boo bop, boo boo bop?"
You mean that one song that goes like
That's a horrible way of putting it.
Nah, it's more of a "boop boop beep bop"
is that a real song? I've been looking for it but gave up
I am an attention whore soo pay attention to me
So long as Skrillex remains creating dubstep, or any music for that matter, our society will eventually degenerate to a world that only speaks in wubs.
I shall sing you the song of my people....
wow, I've been afk for like a couple hours...
has anyone seen an actual fanfic that lasted more than 5 minutes
huh...we got the "late night crew" online...
has anyone seen an actual fanfic that lasted more than 5 minutes long
Fo:E , Past Sins, The Immortal Game
And am now willing go to bed
it converts tabs into random spaces and does a lot of other screwy stuff
well i have a fan fic but i handwritten it and i have the voice acting ready and the movie is planned to be 1 hr 45 minutes long
* awesomepup128 slaps soundslikeponies around a bit with a large fishbot
But a bit of quick editing fixes the problem
* AB|Bored slaps AB|Bored around a bit with a large trout
* AB|Bored slaps Anonymous_Pegasus around a bit with a large trout
Quick editing can also fix a copy-paste directly from Google Docs
Actually, copy-pasting from google docs doesn't retain italics/bold and whatnot.
Oh how the world likes to act stupid at times.
can you guys right click + view image deviantart pics plz. It lags the hell out of me
Kittens. Fluffy kittens. With lots of Hot Sauce.
one of the few girls who dont find me fond of ponies
okay.now I want to play games.bye guys
*who dont find me weird being fond of ponies
Don't be a stranger now, ya here!
What have you pieced together about me? I'm intrigued.
Only guesses and assumptions that are probably wrong.
And would appriciate a lot of input.
why do all the awesome bacground ponies get the least screentime? it's not fair
So, yeah, it doesn't matter all that much.
probably never going to happen since the CMC spinoff got rejected by Hasbro
Life would be a dream, if I could take you up on a paradise up above~
RaptorSenior, it's difficult to piece you together because you put an aloof, and very polar opposite personality into this chat. Whereas if you met me in real life, you'd hear the same stuff I say here come right out of my own mouth.
Rainbow Dash/Fluttershy concept: We all know how it's supposed to go. The bad guys do bad things, then the good guys come and save the day. It's all so simple, right?(No)
Skull025: On the concept of anonymity, how do you know whethere or not I act like this in real ife?
I don't. I merely assume that most people prefer to try on a different mask when they go online. It's a place where anonymity thrives, and so they try new things.
Right as I tell device heretic how I'm embarrassed of my first fic and cringe every time anyone comments on it or favorites it...
I'm basically the same IRL as I am online
Mods may have power here, where they don't have power in RL
People are famous fanfic writers on the net, where in real life they are shunned and outcasts
I myself try to act like myself.
Oh I add a quirk here and there.
geezus wept... when DH rants it's going to last awhile
Anonymity doesn't mean you act different, it more often means you act more like yourself than you're normally allowed to.
I wouldn't actually nom anyone in real life.
I'm pretty much the same, except that I'm a lot more shy IRL
Nor do I partake in promiscuous behavior with couches.
As do I, as much as I can possibly accomplish.
I actually used to be really shy
I have came back from my long writing session!
Strangely enough, I became more extroverted right about the time I started watching FiM, even though I'm not exactly open about it.
Well Raptor, if you truly act like yourself here, I'd probably get along with you in RL. Whether you could stand my craziness is another matter entirely.
thanks AB, wrote over 6k, still need some more
lol rune I agree with the video
That video got my friend into ponies......
Not sure if I should be happy or creeped out.
I never acknoleged anything as 'cute' until FiM
I did, now I just do it more
Hm. I never really know what to think of /gala/
hell, I never cried until I read some of the sad fics out there
I kind of assume it's just an extension of /chat/, but they do things there that... make me wonder.
DAT MIX OF HER MANE TO THE NIGHT SKY
I tried to get editing help on /fic/ and found that most everyone actively doing that for noobs was completely incompetent
Strange. Here, I'm comfortable with saying that I'm mutually respected. I was near universally hated in /fic/
yup RD looks epic as an assassin
Too honest to the poor fanfic writers raptor?
I'm afraid I have no idea what you mean.
when I really get to the actions of my fic, I'd ask Carmine, Obsel and Raptor to murder my ifc
If you were universally hated in /fic/ I assume you gave reviews.
Because that seems to be something you like.
And I know down in ponychan, people are. . . Sensetive.
Carpet: That is maybe the saddest pony confession I have ever read
So, pair that with your brutally honest nature, and you have a recipe for angry ponies.
Not boo-hoo sad, but "ain't that some sad shit" sad
oops, wrong one, but that was funny too
Did I kinda hit the mark there RaptorSenior?
Hell, if people wanted the soft truth, I'd tell them that there is none.
it's ok to say you get a wingboner, twitchy horn or pony boner; because that's just your ponysona talking
And then politely ask them to accept their fics fate and revise/edit
but if you get RL boner, I think you have a problem
That "Oh shit" moment when you have 2 hours of writing that you just realized wasnt saved
I love how I got one fic that I can post but I haz cover art XDDD
Carpet: Pfehehe. And the fandom agrees with said friend!
(I failed there on saying what I meant to say o_O)
Heck, I'm more critical with myself than with others.
2 Months to write a chapter. . .
That's like me taking four days to cook bacon.
it took me a day to write one XD
And I won't accept anything less than absolute perfection
my ex had a 40'' rap video butt and she was always self concious about it
but I wrote it too quickly and it had to be edited for two weeks <.<
I used to churn out a chapter a day
But then I learned what real writing is
without procastinations and disturbance I can write a chapter in a day
I don't think there's a "real" way to write.
Never played it, but I want to.
And apparently, a chapter every year fits you.
if you feel it is rushed in a day, that's your preference
it matters on what style we write it in
Is this better, then: I realized a better style of writing
If it wasn't for Borderlands, I'd probably write a "Once a Crusader..." quality fic every other day
I start with either action or ambiguity.
Anyone else think it's bad that my compy can't run minecraft on the lowest settings?
My computer is a piece of shit, but I can run it.
Don't know, never use it for gaming
I can barely play some flash games on it
Intel HD graphics is better than that, and Intel if fucking horrible at integrated graphics
and I get 15-20 FPS on minecraft
You know you need a new computer when: Your grandmother's computer is better than yours
I know nothing of computers except how to put them together! La La La La.
I can run L4D, L4D2, TF2, Portal 2, Portal, Half-Life 1 & 2 and the episodes flawlessly
I'm starting to look at Android-x86 for older computers. It really fucking flies even on pathetic PC hardware
use Smart Defrag and Game booster, it should help
RaptorSenior, ever play "The Hidden" Source Mod?
Wish I could, damn thing doesn't even have net
Point me in the right direction, good sir.
So yeah, Faustius, who is your most hated champ in LoL?
Who do you just hate laning against?
And I know, but I couldn't resist
I hate laning against any mirror champ
Any time I can get my girlfriend to say "Ich liebe dich"
Cait isn't op, that range just hurts early on
my Teemo can take her down early
I main tanks though, so not easy
but when a derpy player used him, I hate him
I've got a flight to Paris to catch in the morning.
A good Singed or Ali is amazing
Never played her, so never had a reason for either
Go Vargras, he be off to paris!
Because if I come back and find out you haven't
you know she's a good harassing champ
Yeah Scystorm, I didn't know XD I heard it and for the past 5 years, I've been looking for this song to find out where it came from lol
I'm going to read that as "Vargras bats his eyes."
But yeah, never had a real problem with Sona
nah, by means of support type champs, Sona is best harassing champ
I had it, but no we had to return it back -.-
playing any of them is a terrible mistake
I heard that the Smuggler storyline was funny
damn I want to play that game D: but no nobody wants to pay the damn internet fee -.-
with Red MPen + Blue AP runes and AP masteries
I advise you to go back to #fic
I can damage a squishy down to 70%
I've never played Max Payne, but on the subject of videogames. . .
I actually haven't even begun to look at runes, only summoner level 22
I still am totally in love with three games right now.
Okay. I have set up a reviewer group on FiMFiction if anyone is interested
Trying to get my last few champs
Well, it's been fun all. But I gotta sleep sometime. G'night
Sweet :D Glad its working for you Rune :D
Can I be "Concept and Consistency" Reviewer?
I love how he do his covers
We can invite him, but he's not online very much.
I think maybe once a day. I don't pay very much attention to that sort of thing.
I wonder what's on on /comics/ at eqd
Now, I just have to figure out a system that works for reviewing.
hey, my account got banned and I was wondering if there was a place where i could try to get it back
FACT: The artist who drew that banner is the one who I commissioned to do a comic of my fic
BEFORE he got that banner put up
Hey Rune, ever heard of FamilyJules7x? He does some kickass covers too :)
I've developed an obsession with absurdly long music lately.
He did a Skyrim cover. With and ocarina.
Alright, but for everyones benifit. Cause fuck yeah ocarinas
"dafuqIDontEven" -> too bad i don't know his username.
There, the sign-ups for reviewing are open.
I thought guile's theme fits on everything?
Anyone else care to review besides myself and Skull?
Senior: I would, but I'm pretty bogged down in projects as is
No worries, you don't have to be dedicated
Ikr, my friend text me about that
Sign up, and I'll make you a contributor. But please tell me whether you want to be a general reviewer or a specialized one in the thread
RaptorSenior, I recommend reading the stuff I've put up before making me an official reviewer. Best see if I'm any good at writing before you decide, eh?
You have good flow. Not great, but good.
Randomftw: You click the group link I posted above and join the group. Go to the threads and comment on what type of reviewer you want to be.
Raptor how do you plan to do this?
Dandy, Skull. Hello, Raptor. How are you, Skull?
hey raptor, I'm saving that group up just in case I need reviewing on one of my fics *squee :3
Fantastic. Starting a review group with raptor over here.
We just need general reviewers now XD
I think that's Scootaloo and Rainbow dash Rune
Hey Piggy, you interested in becoming a reviewer?
that's Scootaloo and Rainbow Dash Rune <.<
Orange Feather and Cyan Feather (Scootaloo and RD)
damnit, I think those onion peeling ninjas are hiding in my room again T.T
RaptorSenior, stay awesome bro. We're gonna make a great group here.
so you plan to only have 7 reviewers?
Keep circulating the world of it. Enough people know, and we get more business
Two of my test sketches are done.
We'll start out with 7, increase as time goes on
well..... as long as we keep talking about it here
Hey RaptorSenior, bfore I go, you think I'll do well as a special reviewer with the details and concepts?
Sweet. Bring Professor_Piggy up to speed. See if he's interested in joining. I'm off to bed.
I'm waiting for the registrar to come back in the school
Professor_Piggy: I have started a reviewing group on FiMFic titled: The Writer's Cafe
Are you interested in becoming a reviewer?
Welp, we will always be in need if you care to stop by.
I know that a lot of people would benefit from it.
Seeing as how most stories on FiMFic are so goddamn terrible
hey RaptorSenior, when I get through with my prologue (don't even ask how many words there are in there >.<) I shall show it to you :3
my new headcanon: Fluttershy knows how to count cards
so youll send the story to the reviewers individually?
wtf? he hasn't been on that for that long?
Why does the PC version of Max Payne 3 have to wait?
And I shall take it apart piece by piece
I'm going to make a somewhat efficient system using GDocs Spreadsheets
I will use Ponychan /fic/ submitting standards and conduct
lol have fun taking apart 18k words XD (jk I'll just give it to you in three parts, how i divided it)
I am hopeful that the next Twice Shy chapter will be done tomorrow evening.
Who wants to see my two sketches?
That better be a goddamn first chapter instead.
Oh. I answered in the wrong place....ignore me. Sorry.
But my review process is a bit... odd.
so it's like 6k, then 5k then 7k (as in parts, not sure yet)
I'll break it down section by section and slowly but surely review it entirely.
And then I'll send you the review.
prologue is about a battle, an epic battle (not saying stuff about it because it's parts of the main plot)
Then you're going to be royally fucked.
and the story is 35 years after the battle, with the main protagonist as Scootaloo (along with Apple Bloom, Sweetie Belle and a few others)
I want to know these two words from you guys... what is prologue and epilogue?
Prologue is the beginning of the story
Epilogue is the ending, pretty much sums up the story (ending)
I never end my stories on Epilogues
I'll just give you one clue Randomftw
I like to leave some questions unnansered
in the fic, Scootaloo has a scar on her left eye
you'll find out more about it Randomftw when I get it checked and post it up
She'll cluck the hell out of your jimmies
That meme was old when it first came out.
nah, she gets her scar because of DARK MAGIC :3
still less traumitizing than that Tiarawhy flash Scystorm
(and that's all the spoilers I'm saying)
I introduced my mom to ponies last night
PONIES ARE AWESOME AND COOL :P *random talks about ponies*
oh and there's this girl who pulls off Fluttershy's yay really good
I really want to pinch her cheeks everytime she does that
i wonder why people dont like luna
And those who think they're smarter than everyone else are morons.
man... I was planning on going to Bronycon, but no, I can't go now -.- so I'm going to watch the entire stream on the big tv with my laptop :3
she's the only little girl that's interested in ponies
RaptorSenior: YOU HAVE TO SEE THIS MAN
Wow. Apparently I cry at the drop of a hat now. Though the only time I feel any emotion at all is if it's pony related.
I'm crying during a dramatic reading of a fic I hate XD
Yea really, who knew multi colored ponies could give people feels
I may pop in at any time
Carnations and Foret-Me-Nots was probably the saddest thing I've ever seen
LOLOL That anti-featured fic just got OWNED!!!
I never actually read MLD. Got a couple paragraphs in and said "NOPE." But this reading is amazing
why am I thinking too much villains against my OC
and those villains have too much references
* DJ_Bron3 wipes away tears and licks Artimae back
fuck it, it'll make you cry like a bitch
what is up with you and dinner
there's this one encounter where my OC will fight an agile earth pony
Vargie is going ot be gone for a week. ;_;
I'd watch that again abck at home
told you I'll link that whenever an argument starts
Rainbow Dash is the best pony :3
I wub Dashie :3 WUB WUB WUB
i hate the fact that RD gets shipped with most of the ocs and other
Adorable little sister names Celestia could give her
and haha all Woona wanted was hug >.>
That letter at the end of MLD
lol Pinkie breaking the fourth wall and Twilight being confused
ive been on this chat room 30 hours now
hey Randomftw, how do you like my drawing of Applejack? (this is really the first time I have drawn a pony)
give me a fic to sleep on pls
I have only drawn AJ, tried to draw Dash (couldn't get the dang mane right ._.)
I just watched a lady tell a man to burn in hell because she couldn't get a blanket
wow, that's really good. Are you sure you're not Lauren Faust lurking?
I know AJ. Hands are pure friggen evil
That's what Lauren would want us to think
whenever i draw one eye the other ends horribly
And I've been wondering if Silver was faust and secretly lurking/trolling for a while now :P
I don't usually draw, but I wanted to test out my drawing skills
the one that draws is my brother, the only 5th grader to actually pencil draw at my school and draws epic art like a senior in high school (or college art student)
there was an art show at my school, and my brother had a pencil art there of a dragon, the other pieces of art were finger paintings xDDDD
Have you heard Mic's reading of PWPD, Cheese?
Hey Silver. You should draw Luna being all powerful and mysterious
I know XD My friend said, "You brother is fucking epic in drawing dude"
I could try Luna, but not at the moment
And waltzing right onto their final control point
Disguising as a spy disguised as a spy
do you do comissions Silver? I could use one in the next few months for an anlternate universe fanfic
I'll ask my brother to do it (he's being lazy at drawing art)
nope, if I did, I would have posted up my fic that needs cover art
Waltzed right past the soldier onto the control point
*gets ready to link "Everypony is best pony" image*
I actually started to try and learn how to draw because of cover art XD
There was a brony on that server
What are these ponies you speak of?
* AB|Bored steals you to sell for money
Twilight is best pony by popular vote.
rofl, got in a 4 witch doctor party
wait, has anyone written a Magneighto fanfic yet?!
* DJ_Bron3 puts on All That Remains and stares at chat.
if you guys do want commission, then I could ask my brother, but he's supposed to be working on my OC drawing -.- (so yeah, he would probably say no)
But yeah, we all know that Faust is best pony
Isn't it her that's supposed to bbe Molestia's mom?
Ab: O_O THis is news to me
I was wondering why there was awkwardness there
oh yeah, Lauren Faust is Celestia's mom since she created them
before I start deleting shitfics in rage
too many fucking stupid authors who fail to follow rules
Wlah: Just stay away from my shitfics >.>
This is gone from funny to odd
oh god more of those authors again??
i mean the main OC was a pile of shit
"Your story has been rejected due to it being a shitfic." <--- Copy & Paste
* Bridgebrain continues to hug Wlah and repeats Gusssfrabaaaa until he calms
for my OCs, I made sure I organized them well and weren't a pile of shit
* %Lithe gives Wlah a shoulder massage
Calm down Wlah, take in deep breaths and relax
Would there be a way for shitfics to be auto-deleted if there are too many downvotes compared to upvotes?
Not trying to sound like a jerk but, can there be a rule against using "My little _____" titles?
AB: Nah, 4chan might use that to bomb fic.
How did it pass if it didn't follow the rules? o.O
Wlah: Who's got you in a tizzy? We could all bug him to stfu
troll downvotes would immediatly shoot down fics
I can't be arsed to administrate so many god damn rules
shitty submissions are going to be shitty not matter what effort I put into helping
I'm so glad I don't have your job
@wlah: you could temp ban them from submitting stories XD
ya need more cops.... and the hooters XD... no but seriously ya need more cops
Wlah: You could set up a grammar squad who you referred people who suck at writing
let me just say I can get why P is angry more now
yeah, P is probably really mad Wlah
Why do people butthurt about "bad fics" anyway? They serve a valuable purpose on here.
Wlah: Just know that you have our support. All you guys do great things, and we love you for it
They make the good ones look better
Some people --many people-- are beyond help.
And some people could be really good, but...
They refuse to let people help them
Case in point: LIVING THE MOTHERFUCKING DREAM.
Hate that shit and the author considers it his magnum opus
I've had a couple of those. Lots of potential, doesn't listen to constructive critisism
Sometimes I fantasize about setting up a bot that would do bad things to people who reached a certain misspelled words percentage.
Some of you might already know about this
I have an idea for a fic
And he's a self-important douchebozzle who needs to burn for crimes against nature
We could work on a bot for that
Whooves: I would invest my life savings
"lots of terrible stories" is a good summary for why i never claimed i'd be doing any remotely large amount of queue work.
I listen to what people say, because advice from other authors, pre-readers and others improves your writing
Where everypony speaks in flowery, poetic manner
I pay attention to constructive criticism. . . whenever I get any.
Indeed, Silver is one of the few I've edited for that actually listens
nicknames and domain-specific words are both major problem sources
My first fic (and continuing work) is a complete shitfic. I hate it, but people keep wanting more -_-
and in the end it's certain grammatical errors, not spelling errors
and that's a royal pain to detect
Hard to catch those with a bot.
the problem is that people downvote or leave "this is bad and you should feel bad" comments usually without telling the author why it's bad
Maybe we could set up a logic bot or something...
word can do it... in limited cases
Silver: I'd like to think so :)
but it's always a bit false positive prone
Carpetbagger: That's not a problem. We can't be bothered to fix everyone. Some people were never meant to write.
I've had times where Google docs underlines a word in red
I've halted production on that fic, at least temporarily, in order to write not-a-shitfic
There's only one way to be sure. Create a working AI and make it a grammar nazi
so, with help of a friend, my fic with 5700 words ended up with 7000 words. and those 1300 words are mostly showing
It shall purge the world of the misspelling infidels :P
I've gotten advice from VoidChicken (aka Butterknife), Bridgebrain, Ponyaddict, MobileCheese (<---the guy that really rips your fic, but *shrugs*) and a few others
What I do when I am proof reading my work, is to have reading program read the work to me outloud.  Makes it easier for me to catch mistakes and correct it.
Bron3: I will never write a notshitfic
oh and Ludwikia_VK, can't forget him :3
We should totally make a grammar nazi AI
Professor_Whooves: but everyone deserves the opportunity to at least try
Xaq, what exactly does queue work entail?
Site nothing. Allow it to roam THE WORLD
Just checking to see if the fic follows the rules?
the author should at least be given a try to write one fic
Professor_Whooves: yes, which means putting up with annoying users who reply when you fail their fic whining about it.
if the fic is shitty, than yeah <.<
We'll create two. One that's kind and constructive, one that's a right tosser
aside from spelling errors (which can't be avoided sometimes) I usually rate on content like concept, plot, characterization etc...
If it's bad, I tell the author why
Cheese: In my opinion, all my writing is shitty, but IJAB like's my clop for some reason, and I'm writing him a story that he says is not-a-shitfic.
I've got access to about 100 unused computers. Someone come up with the code and we have all the processing power we'd need
but no idea is truly a bad idea, execution is usually the major culprit
dat gramer nazy @1 wood b li3k so kewl haha
I do not envy the queue workers. They're like the trash collectors of the fic world, only without the glory.
thanks for reminding me, I have the video favorited but forgot to watch it
Silver: I know the keepers of the interwebs at the local colleges, and could easily convince them to donate the elder computers to an AI project of such a delicious nature
I am going to program the douchiest grammar nazi AI the world has ever seen
but how would you put it in the site
Complete with floating head for visual interfacing
He'll rip out your heart and eat your children
Random: Just create a user profile for it and have it crawl fics
Screw that, call it Joshua and have it offer really bad authors a game of thermonuclear warfare
Well, I'm PW, and I would definitely name a Grammar Nazi bot after myself.
No, it has to be a douchy name
Cheese: Just because you hate it doesn't make it any less good.
then we put her voice in it
Seriously, I could get the entire tech team locally involved in this if anyone can program
You are the bot trio, and we love you.
voice of Gilda is the same person who voiced Spitfire ._.
This is going to be so awesome
Xaq, you mind? She's Link Luna now.
I will learn programming just for this!
I think we're just fantasizing at this point, Randomftw.
It's really hard to program  a personality
Maryke Hendrikse voiced Gilda, she's done a lot of supporting roles in Anime and video games
Screw fantasy, I've got the concept to do a AI program, I just need techs who could execute it
We could get some voice samples of her, then work from there
I don't think you guys understand how bots work.
I'm imagining something completely slipshod with this bot
Cammer: That's what I was thinking. But seriously guys, I've had the design project in mind for a hivemind AI for years
The internet would be a more literate place
like, a vbscript that staples the ms word grammar checker to the rest of the bot
It would have to be, with Gilda barking angry corrections at you all the time
I'm leaving now before in my tired frustration I read something here that sets me off
Writing chats must be the only remotely literate corners of the internet. lol
It's a ghost, it'll ping out soon enough.
No, a ghost is when your last nick didn't log off.
If you registered your nick though you can kill it
does "A Plot Fit for a Princess" sound like a clopfic title?
Carpetbagger:  Yes, unless it's about someone writing.
Seeing as plot has become something entirely different within this fandom
So does anyone know how to embed youtube videos to blog posts or comments?
(I really need to do their manes properly.)
it's bait and switch not switch and bait
I take it back. No goodbye for you!
Mah boi! This peace is what all true ponies strive for!
@ScyStorm: Not really, it's supposed to be a double entandre (sp?)
And yeah, I pretty much get that
It's one of the many fics I'm to embarrassed to post >.>
and Ask Molestia beat me to the idea the day before I was going to post it
Query spam: it helps to locate lost laptops
Celestia being self concious about her plot getting bigger and asking random guards
I'm fairly convinced I need to create a puppet account to rant on Puddingfic
imagina how many calories you burn by lifting the sun
Assuming their sun is anything like ours
It could be a geocentric solar system
Cheese: Shut up about puddingfic and accept that it's good
It orbits the center of galaxy along with the rest of the stars
AB: There's a workaround we came up with in ponyfall
Not enough if a random Zebra says "Dayum! She got a Canterlot face and an Apploosan flank!"
We're all travelling at incredible speeds! Relative to something, anyhow.
Their universe is essentially the old pretechnological civilization model
Seriously, talking about the velocities of celestial bodies is meaningless without a reference point.
I wouldn't want you for my editor then
The stars are painted on the ceiling of the sky, geocentric, and the sun is really close and fairly small
To be fair, I read it when I was half out of it. I missed any grammatical problems
Out of mind,be back in 5 minutes
* Randomftw loads shotgun and points at carpet
Would you like me to REALLY critique it, Cheese? I'm fully awake with my grammar nazi hat on
That's where I got the fic idea from lol
I'm not crazy,my reality is just different from yours.
Hey i was wondering if im allowed to post a clopfic here? it feel wierd asking this
* Randomftw flies of into the sun...........
AB: Are you thinking of Just Like Heaven or the fic So You've Grown Wings
hey, anyone knows what happened to that "Lost Vector" fanfiction?
Life is like a rollercoaster,and I'm about to throw up.
AB: Then what was the snow globe from?
I want to see that guy live lol
you gotta see the live concert, shit got krunk
how do you do the str8 line thingy
the guy in the front row kills me
Wlah: DAWWW... Then the daw is gone :(
how long does it take to cycle onto the top of the browse list when you update?
as a guy doing IT support that is hilarious
Hey Scystorm, what ever happened to Gus Johnson, is he doing game comentary anymore?
Going over it with a fine toothed comb
say Bridgebrain, did you read that "we stopped to look" post
only the best sports comentator to ever exist
I've found only 2 problems so far, and they're nothing major
I don't pay much attention to commentators unless I'm making fun of them
worst commentator in the history of everything
Jack Bauer would be an awesome commentator.
He's the one that said Chris Jonson had "Get away from the cops speed" when he ran a 80 yard touchdown and people got pissed
At least Dr. Bright is still best troll.
GOD FUCKING DAMNIT! I got poison Ivy all over me!
but then dropped it when they found out he was black lol
I like the guy who commentates on ESPN college football
I'm just forgetting his name right now
he sounds like Joe Buck if Joe Buck were capable of actual emotion
Joe Tessitore and Rod Gilmore did the commentary for my Wolf Pack's win against Boise State
the best college game I have EVER seen
I would go gay for that voice
PW: the cop got blocked by a semi truck when he turned his lights on, so i slammed the pedal to the floor and ran it up to 120, ducked in behind a semi, shut my lights off, and hid under a bridge
that fucking hail mary catch at the end of regulation, Tessitore about shit himself
cop went flying over the bridge, red and blues flashing
but i was going so fast when i passed him that i doubt he got my plate
since it was the middle of the night
I got friends on the other siiiiide~
WHY ARE YOU SINGING ABOUT MY LOVE.
Still funny that the majority of the actors from Startrek TNG were va's on Gargoyles
I think Patrick Stewart voiced King Arthur too
and most of the TNG actors were broadway performers too
Was that a Princess and the Frog ref
in the words of Yakko Warner: GOOD NIGHT EVERYBODY!
Still have hopes that John de Lancie gets the cast together to to va work on MLP
Im just waiting on De Lancie's brony documentary.
Brent Spiner would most likely do it, he's weird enough
Now I want Patrick Stewart on MLP:FIM.
Want me to comment my findings or query you?
Patrick Stewart should voice Starswirl the Bearded
...if they can't book Ian McKellen of course
hnnnng Tessitore calling the end of the game <3
I love logging on to having 69 notifications
if Morgan Freeman is a pony, what would be his cutiemark look like?
FR: Hiss face, because that's more than enough awesomeness for a cutie mark.
I would probably kill myself because there'd be nothing left to look forward to after that
I was merely trying to tell you that I'm finished. Would you like it in comment of PM?
This is how it should play out if they did the Star Trek cast on MLP:
It'd probably be a time travel or flashback episode with the founders of equestria or something
Twilight Sparkle: Master of space and time.
Patrick (motherfucking) Stewart = Starswirl the Bearded
Why are you canonizing those fake characters (Starswirl not counting)
I would rather castrate myself then have him sully my ponies.
Jesus, so much hate for Wheaton :(
Wil Wheaton is a nerd and a bro
Does anyone know if South Part has poked fun at the bronies yet?
It wouldn't surprise me if they did though
and after that, I wouldn't care, because the episode would be too epic, especially if Discord appeared to troll the hell out of Starswirl (Patrick Stewart)
* AB|Bored gets a bad tan and crazy hair
I should write a fic about that
oh dear lord will the cuteness never end
I'd rather not even talk about it.
Wilhelm_II: What if Applejack is actually from the Orange Family and was married into the Apple family...
did someone find your futashy folder :(
not like that's ever happened.  wouldnt know anything about that
They wallow in gratuitous amounts of alcohol
damn, I want to read "On a Cross and Arrow" again
Only I am allowed to follow...uh, that one tumblr
I will never pick you for editor
is the chat repeating itself or am I getting a serious case of Deja Vu? @.@
humans in equstria : ponies = 50 ft tall
If you can put MLP on a disk, why can't we find a way to put it in liquid form and replace a mans blood with it
It was grammatically sound. What did I miss?
We're in one of the universes in Luna's hair
Blood? What am I suppost to do these?
There was a typo during the carriage part
Make life take the blood black, replace it with liquid ponies
CARRIAGES DO NOT GET DESTROYED UPON IMPACT
thats not a very nice thing to say D:
* MobileDeluxe flips a table and defenestrates himself off the fortieth floor of FIMFic.
Fine. I hate your fucking puddingfic. Now will you please deploy your parachute?
Ok so I finished my second Chapter just now and when I hit the toggle thing to release it, i refreshed the page and it untoggled, do i hit it again or should it be up?
Oh god, the views keep stacking up on my fic. If it get's featured, I'll probably die of embarassment
I only wrote it because there's too many sad CMC fics
Well, I can't give you that. I DID like it. If it helps, IJAB refused to read it on the grounds that it's less than 10k words.
Carpet: I wrote a fic about Lyra not getting the girl
And now people are fine with it
I'm just self concious about my writing ever since I had my dreams crushed as an artist
>hasana-chan drew a new Braemac at school
Come on, dubstep tap dancing is awesome.
She's gonna color it then post at some point
Also she says it's a "little different" from the others
:Even if it is shitty, why are you hostile to the fact that some people actually enjoyed it?
Wow, didn't expect Celestia to go for the hard stuff, I would figure she'd just smoke some poison joke with Derpy
Bron3: Because I'm adverse to people liking shit.
It's why I'm adverse to people who sincerely joined the Living the Dream fanclub
I hate all the shitfics you link that are not your own, so my taste isn't complete shit
You still caught a lot of mistakes
The front of my tumblr right now is: dudes throwing vinyl records; Kodak's secret nuclear reactor; a history of buttermilk; some nifty photos of smoke; a photo of the solar eclipse; a reblog about depression; a video of a preacher saying hate speech; Ask the Skyrim Ponies; an orchestra joke; and Ask Surprise.
And I need to write while half-asleep...ha!
Brb... When I get back, I have a Sleepy Author request
here's a mindfuck: What if Surpise is actually Pinkie Pie as an angel?
Narbe drawing things always perks my day
Becuase Vargras doesn't name change that much
Wilhelm_II: It is at when you're struggling with Zecora dialogue at 2:42am >.>
Oh yeah, I was talking to Narbe just earlier today
Who kinda looks a little like Frederic
i need a new adventure story to read~
I would shamelessly promote mine but it's not quite at the 'adventure' stage yet
just found out today we had a chat :P
i would also promote mine but i don't think its that well written
I'd promote mine but you're already reading
Carpetbagger_: I see, you do know that Pinkie is Twilight from the future after been fused with Discord
Deathscar: Welcome to the journey of being unproductive lol
I've heard Les Miserables is great... After you make it through the first 200 pages or so.
It's great after you make it through the first fifty pages or so
What, the beginning of the book sucks?
It's just the first fifty pages are about the fucking bishop
And Jean Valjean doesn't come in into that's done
Wilhelm_II: No, she's Twilight's childhood imaginary friend brought into reality when she lost control of her powers from the sonic rainboom
Abridged versions of the book omit the first part
And it's about some metaphor about a man overboard as representing a careless society...
well here's my fic if you want to read it
It isn't annoying me as much as Fallout Equestria, I'll tell ya that much.
i've had a few of my friends recommend les miserables
guess i'll look for an abridged version in the kindle shop
What if... all the ponies are from Twilights head?
wohoo! I got a downvote, now I feel better
And she's been in a magic induced Coma from when she started to try magic?
Aww :/ Cheese left before I could suggest a Sleepy Author story
Wilhelm_II: More like Pinkie Pie's head. Pinkie Pie is actaully a little girl named Dianne Piesly that has a vivid imagination and sees everyone around her as ponies
Wilhelm: Sounds suspiciously similar to the pokemon theory I read once upon a time
Libri: Never read that, but I have heard of it
Which I swear I thought was an AppleDash fic when I saw the title of it
Huh, that isn't AppleDash? I've always had the same assumption.
What if... we are ponies that dream we are Humans?
Wilhelm_II: Okay, how about this: The reason we don't see Scootaloo's parents and family is because Equestria is all in her mind. She actually lives in an abusive home and she made up a world where she doesn't have parents to cope with her harsh reality
Are you a pony dreaming you are a human, or a human dreaming you are a pony?
Rainbow Dash is a plain ol' horse
Hm. I read a story like that once. I wonder if it was that one. Is it a one-shot?
"Equestria is a dream" is kinda done.
Ah, then it is that one I'm thinking of. That story was heavy as fuck.
I find it didn't really quite impact me as much as I thought it would
I got to the end and I'm all
Wilhelm_II: Already am, it's one of the universes in my multiverse project I'm prewriting
"Welp, off to just listen to the song again."
Wilhelm_II: I have several  universes where Mare Do Well and Daring Doo are real, Trixie becomes Celestia's apprentice instead of Twilight, Tom is actually a golem, Celestia was the one that betrayed Luna and got banished, Zecora actually is an evil enchantress... ect
Yeah, the ending was less than impactful, but the premise was solid enough that I felt the story still had serious punch.
Wilhelm_II: If I can find a way to get the damn thing started, it'll probably be the most epic thing I'll ever write
One must poni,poni,pone in order to pony
and probably going to take up the rest of my night
mostly things like people being complete dicks and then getting owned in some fashion
hello, my name is Tamara, anyone here know Blackwing's or Rust's e-mail (fanfic queries.)
Session Time: Tue May 22 00:00:00 2012
never heard of either of those people
Woot! Just hit page 3 on my fic :D
writer of "griffin the griffin" and the "ballad of echo the diamond dog"
actually, different query as well. Do people mind if you place your story in their world?
That writer put a lot of work into End of Ponies
i thought it might be okay. Ah well.
How can people who plays FPS games not understand what a pincer manuever is?
Well I don't know if it is or not! Ask them.
ah... HiE... that would very easily explain why I've never heard of them
SLP:  Ballad is apparently a good story though
I should start streaming at reasonable times.
awesome, but I'm a bit more of a fan of griffin.
i just read somthig funny as all hell
There are a lot of "Ballad" stories
Oh yeah, Echo the Diamond Dog, that one looks neat
The guy in the foreground when the video starts.
the 6v1 with a baseball bat is pretty good
I wonder what brought those dudes in to fight, though.
But yeah, seriously, that dude's a fucking machine. Shit's amazing.
apparently they knew each other, so when they saw them in the store they just went to fight them
that's what someone in the comments said
He pounds the dude in the football shirt and he can't even stand the fuck up.
Yay I finished my project before it was due in 15 minutes!
Is the Nostalgia Critic or Nostalgia Chick ever going to review FIM?
Also, witness our cultural racism! Black dudes get attacked out of the fucking blue and then feel the need to flee the scene because Black Men Are Always Guilty.
NC won't review it because it's a cartoon show from last year
* PyroChangeling is mixes black and mexican
They win a fight in self-defense and then run the fuck away, because they've got good reasons to not be where the cops are, because cultural racism, yay.
NorsePony: I'm just messing around, racism and stereotypes don't offend me anymore
* BillyColt is so white it's shameful.
You know what I find racist? We watched To Kill A Mockingbird and the Tom Robinson case was ONLY lost because of the Jim Crowe laws...-_-
He could do an Old vs New on FIM
i fell way behind on flying high, noticed you did a rewrite of some earlier chapters
how far you planning to do your rewrites
Hell, the pilot episode of FIM is basically a retelling of the darker storyline from the G1 movie
Not really interested in seeing him do that
I mean, c'mon, you think he ever actually watched the old show?
Didn't he review 2 MLP movies and 2 Carebear movies
Tomorrow I'll be trying out "The Old Republic"
and don't forget he reviewed Batman and Robin
He reviewed like, three or four Care Bear movies
NChick did one of the MLP movies, but that's it.
You know who would be interesting to see chatting on here?
oh shoot someone was talking to m
I'm chaing the opening hook. Everything after chapter 4 is more or less staying the way it is
figured i'd re-read it if you were done with major changes
well, the first 3 chapters are not the first three chapters remotely
I should probably start watching MLP again. I haven't watched it since the royal wedding and I only saw that once
Pyro: You could watch me write... but that would probably bore you even more. haha
Wait I realized I just out the damned name...not changing it.
i have an exam in half an hour :/
I would watch paint dry with Pinkie.
if i get a C ill be happy
Only finals I am worried about are my Drafting finals.
I'm also a bit worried about JROTC finals.
Something kinda-but-not-really funny: I write... with very few grammatical errors... and I passed English with a 70
If my Army Instructor knew I was a brony...
Any Witches/Mages/Warlocks about? (Odd question, I know, but it would take ages to explain.)
JROTC was such a pain, my QB was also my superior officer
All we did in english was write 2 papers and take 3 tests and an exam. Failed 2 tests, got Ds on the other 2. The papers are what saved me
I finished a project today around 11:35 PM that was due at midnight.
It is 12:23 in Cali right now.
So he'd yell at my ass during school and then have his hand up my ass after school >.>
Guess there are no Witches/Mages/Warlocks doddling around :c
* PyroChangeling noggins AB before he leaves
I should go to Ihop for breakfast tomorrow
Dammit! You ponies are distracting me. XD Back to writing
Seriously, how is it possible that there are no Mages/Witches/Warlocks here!? There are like two hundred people logged in T_T
I wasn't just a jock, I was one of those guys that got along with everyone in school. Everyone from the nerds to the stoners, to the preps
I'm still laughing at that cat organ
I was even in the Anime club
* PyroChangeling does not actually have Diabetes.
That's what happens when you are poor. :(
So am I, 'arry! Yew kin call me 'agrid!
I know I'm about to open pandora's box here, but if you could be a pony, would you be a Unocorn, Pegasus, or Earth Pony?
But turned out I only typed it out.
Anyone read My Little Alicorn, by the way?
Though, flying would a lot of fun
I have it in my read later folder
Trixie was awesome, she needs to come back and be a 6th ranger character
^_^ just published chapter 4 of Daddy Discord
D3 is the enemy of productivity and friendship
Is it based off the flash music video?
the question is, which fic do I whore before going off to play d3?
which is in turn inspired by Phantom of Opera
my friend's girlfriend auditioned for Daddy Discord
i was inspired by the music video but i thought into it some and made a few ulteration
and for Fluttershy in Fighting is Magic
I got a 5, 1-3 was fhfh, so...
* Pyro|DyingOfBoredom hates LunaBot with a passion
* AB|Bored slaps Pyro|DyingOfBoredom around a bit with a large trout
Questions: If I'm alternating characters with each paragraph, would using "They" break the flow, or would it be fine?
She's not even complete yet, none of the characters are
* AB|Bored slaps WinterSpeed around a bit with a large trout
* AB|Bored slaps AB|Bored around a bit with a large trout
I can't wait till they add RD, her stance looks so awesome
* Pyro|DyingOfBoredom then slurps his intestines like noodles
I just wanted to check and see how I tell if one of my blogs/stories is public
;-;  my daddy discord is better by default
Have you falle nand you cant get up Heac?
I wanna say Esmeralda for some reason.
Destroy Esmerelda, and let her taste the fires of hell!
But I don't like getting stories confused
Or else let her be mine and mine aloooone~
But someone told me they had read it..
crap, that one downvote is making me OCD, they didn't leave a comment on why they didn't like my story so I don't know if they were just trolling
AB take this fat chick named Esmerelda and has sex.
Heac:  Well if you link it to people, they can view it. If it's not submitted, though, then it's not visible on the site.
Ah. Alright. Thank you Emerald. Does this also apply to blog posts?
Heac:  Blog posts are posted immediately if you make them, there's no approval process for those ;P
Thanks for your time Emerald. Thank you.
* WinterSpeed slaps WinterSpeed around a bit with a large fishbot
* Pyro|DyingOfBoredom shoots a fish, cause bishes love fishes.
* AB|Bored slaps WinterSpeed around a bit with a large trout
* Pyro|DyingOfBoredom slaps WinterSpeed with a Pikachu
So this is what's become of chat?
What's a better name for a bartender pony: Mint Julep or Bloody Mary
How can you stand to watch this every night, Scy?
Berry Punch isn't going to be in the story, but she is refferenced
I dunno, but a few guys are about to get banned if they don't stop this nonsense.
Don't fill my chat with fucking bullshit, then!
* WinterSpeed was kicked by EmeraldSky (No.)
The sad part is that they're the only ones contributing
Sorry that was before you said to stop filling your chat with bullshit
Hey, at least it ain't Var's bat
I love his peice 'Across the Stars'
They need to make a derpy toy
I mean,they have vinyl scratch for crying out loud
There's a Ditzy Doo blind bag iirc
I heard there is going to be a derpy episode in season 3
....well I don't know ....I was looking at memebase for funny stuff
Will be about how to say goodbye
and they'll probably do it in the movie
They need to make a my little pony movie
3-4 seasons and then a movie is Hasbro's M.O.
And there's no reason to expect they'll do anything different.
Could you imagine the animation upgrade they would do for the movie... mother of god...
They've been putting 20-minute toy commercials on TV for like thirty years now, they know what they're doing.
Norse: They've never had the same cult following before. Could change things... make for more seasons.
It's possible, but I think it's unlikely. The cult following isn't their primary source of revenue. The target audience is.
And the target audience has a short attention span.
Actually, I would like to see FIM get canceled at some point where the mane 6 pass on their elements to 6 other ponies
I would think bronies are buying more toys that the targer audience
FiM will be made into a new series.what would it be called
Hasbro always goes out while the show is still popular, no matter what show it is.
* DJ_Bron3|Writing will cry when MLP gets cancelled
I'd rather see that than to have it cancelled mid series
A fat mexican woman who stole my churros.
G5 won't be around for like five or six years anyway.
* Pyro|Denial is wearing half birthday suit...
I kind of have a theory that the CMC are going to be main characters at some point
They go out while the show's popular, let it rest for a while, then bring out the new generation.
Fucking Hasbro... always fucking shit up *grumblegrumble*
I wouldn't be terribly surprised if the CMC got their own movie.
It would probably be after a time skip
It's like doctor whooves is messing with us
But there's nothign to worry about, we're lining their pockets, so there's no point in ending a good thing
Carpet you made a FiM episode, missing the lesson.
when the CMC have kids,, their sons will be the CCC
Nah, I'd rather see the CMC get their marks like in my fic, but done better
So many funny things that could stand for
hell, there's so many episode worthy fics out there, they'll never run out of ideas
Kinda like how SCP is Secutre, Contain, Protect
AB:  Well it's both, really. But yes
Scootaloo's release will be a f'ing thunderstorm
CKDS . What does it stand for?I bet only I know
I just got an idea for a fic
Who the hell? Is that Whooves x Jitterbug?
SB's causes everyone's eardrums to blow up.
If anything, I might tease a few clop moments in a story but tha's about it
Bron3:  Humanized Doc x Jitters with a little R63ing thrown in
I just hope Party.Mov isn't going to be a stupid Cupcakes parody
I need to freshen up on my clop in preparation for the final scene in my fic. I haven't written in so long.
HDD is probably too smart to do that
It would be something good, I'm sure,
Are you the one writing Twilust Bron3?
Magic.mov had some dumb but funny ass shit
Well, he's written Pinkie as just pretty much straight retarded, so no doubt PARTY.MOV is gonna piss off a lotta people.
That was funny when Twilight just randomly dropped a duke
I hate him for messing up Pinkie.
I think MAGIC had the best one-liners in the series so far.
My dad makes me put glass in my vagina
I can't remember what Spike's "catch phrase" is
It wasn't the funniest overall, I still like APPLE better for that. But MAGIC had great one-liners.
Spikes catch phrase is "yeah farout dude" right?i dunno
I'm not a big clop fan, but Molestia, Lunaughty, and Twilust were funny as hell
AB you just figured out what CKDS stands for
Hey,Hows aboutta wanna have a pizza pie?
Why did Pinkie bring up hot dogs at some point?
@EmeraldSky: All my favorite authors take forever to update their stories. I'm still waiting on the next installment of Ditzy Doo's Dismally Derpy Day
Yeah well Streak is in the army
I was following a story until recently which is a everybody-pairs-up shipping story that started off really well.
Horse Power is Surprise and Featherweight's brother
I don't really want Derpy in clop, though.
And then it jumped the shark big time in the last chapter or two, including Dash and AJ going on a date and Dash ordering veal.
Unless she busts in at the last possible moment.
Which was edited after the fact into her ordering fish. Which makes just as little sense.
Derpyxtwilightxrainbow dash threesome.dont read anything like that
Derpy was good in Lunaughty, I almost pissed myself laughing
NorsePony: horses don't hunt, but they will eat meat
i've seen a horse eat a roast beef sandwich
I just don't know what went wrong!
they DO get something out of it
Fair enough. Still, it's roughly equivalent to a human munching down on grass. It's not going to do much, and it's probably not going to end well.
NorsePony: well yeah, but when a horse gets the shits they are already outside
Speaking of clop and Rule34 stuff: Isn't it funny that even Hentai Key has standards and the Pinkie Pie flash turned out to be a troll
NorsePony: do you think AJ would react to a shipping crate full of beef jerky with violence?
that wasnt made BY hentai key  lol
Still and all, it doesn't make sense that pony restaurants would even serve meat.
"Shit hit the side of the hill"
there could be barbarian ponies thta still eat meat
I meant to type 'she hit the side of the hill'
Unless they're a different species, they're not gonna be doing much with that meat, though.
I can link woona if you need calming down.
Cannibal ponies. now I have that thought stuck in your head
That's a good question. I find it weird enough that they're Vegitarians, but no Vegans
Protip: don't get on the intertoobs if you're trying to sleep.
horses have been known to partake in eating fish if they are hungry enough
wow carpetm i was wondering if they'd ever get around to that
didn't turn my volume down in time though
I wont be able to sleep for a bit.
Nor will I be able to hear for a few days.
* Diceman clicks all of scys links
You made me drop my cigarette and burn my  chair
(hint: You guys should enable tinyurl previews)
Oh, how do you set that up, Scy?
Wait, is that in your client Scy?
I need some free time during the day to sit down and write. I get too distracted at night. I can't get away from this Celestia damned IRC.
where the fak did you get thet link sunny?
I am glad I trusted my instincts and didn't click the link
great, now I got a hole in my chair
i guess i can like...write again and such
somebody needs to make a PMV with big and rich's leap of faith
Just to get it out of the way.
Take me to them so the deed may be done
The preview doesnt work on that screamer.
Take me to them, so the deed may be done
Someone needs to draw Big Mac as Potemkin from Guilty Gear
I require an explanation, in detail, of the sacrifice of children.
Flim flam brothers rape applejack,who is the passerby
* DJ_Bron3|Writing is bored, tired, and giving up on writing for the night
I don't want to plummet to my death. Unless that is a thing that normal ponies do.
They plummet from being on this chat
* Pyro|Denial kicks Piggy down a cliff, plummeting him to his death
Scy, how is it that Sleepless can take a hackneyed setup like this and make it work?
He's a wizard, that's the only possible answer.
The RR TVTropes page says he's an English major. I wonder if that's true.
* Pyro|Denial goes back to watching clash
so...how many reviewers does this site even have?
Pinkie needs to eat candy to survive
Only explanation to how she doesn't have diabeetus
A_P:  You mean people who moderate stories?  Four, not counting knighty, cause he's too busy coding the place.
Actually, I think that the only reason they're gray is for the audience to have a visual cue they've changed.
But Spike actually asked Twilight why everyone was gray
To show twilight or something I guess
Well, wasn't the "why are they gray" from Spike in Part 2?
'Cause if it was, that would be "explaining the backstory without maid-and-butler dialogue," not quite a continuity break.
good guy blizzard, shuts down servers so I can get writing done
This chat is die ing. I don't like it
no, it's becoming night time, where chat is less retarded because it isn't full of spam and half thought-out sentences
And D3 is down because of massive security hole, I think.
Besdies, do you really thing this chat is full of intellectual debates and high-flying knowledge?
I just looked in site statistics, and one of the top commenters was commenting on my stuff recently.
and he has the most OBNOXIOUS commenting style I have EVER seen.
Pretty sure he has a script that lets him know when new stories pop.
Whereas Wilhelm just does nothing but camp the site.
It seems to be that his purpose in life is to find every mistake in the story, point it out as obnoxiously as he can, and add meme pictures to it.
And I'm like fuck, mate. I have editors already. Drop it.
Yeah, no, he's a big bag of dicks, for sure.
are you talking about that guy that keeps posting that "Dis gon be good!" gif?
If it were my call, I'd ban him and Wilhelm from the site, because way to not contribute anything useful while making 3000 comments.
I mean, I don't mind critique, as it were.
You can always add "derpybuckingsucks23" to the list, too.
and people like him are like punch me clonw
Jesus didn't die on the cross so you could touch horns in front of my cereal spoon
trixie... i really hope they don't do a redemption episode for her
Scy, is it the most adorable thing ever that Fluttershy's peak fantasy is having kids?
She's just imagining this entire future with the stallion of her dreams~
I don't want a redemption episode for any villain. Let evil be evil, I enjoy watching that.
Trixie was actually Luna in disguise sent to guage Twilight's powers
I once saw someone on the Hungarian forums argue that it's actually TWILIGHT, who made the biggest mistake in that episode.
She was a good villian, but people take it to far when they make her all "Les Yay" with Twilight
By being mean to Trixie and chasing her off, when she only wanted a little attention and money.
I had to ask him if we had watched the same episode.
It's hard to argue that Twilight was mean to Trixie, heh.
The Trixie fanon bugs me a fair bit just because of how adamant the fanonholders are.
for winter it's time to snort some speed
Headcanon has Trixie realizing she was an idiot as well. Yes, brag about an Ursa, right next to the enchanted evil forest, great idea.
Where did I say I hate Trixie?
I wonder if nmm will have a comeback as a pony seprate from Luna
After 2 seasons of that show, it's hard to take any MLP villain even halfway seriously.
I think NMM is Luna's true form. Remember when she turned into her at the end of Luna Eclipsed?
To be honest, there hasn't really been an actual villian
Doubt it. We don't know the extent of alicorn powers. Shapeshifting could easily be one of them.
Discord wasn't really that much of a villain, he felt like a disc one final boss testing the mane6 for the yet to be revealed big bad
Carpetbagger_: diamond tiara is an actual villain, just not much of one
ponyaddictLT: I think she's probably ignored at home and acts out because of it
and hitler never knew his father, what of it?
a lot of people confuse reasons with excuses, and it bugs the shit out of me
Because then hordes of idiots will jump around, screaming how the show's writers have "taken cues from Past Sins"
And that's the last thing I want to see.
we do know they are limited though
worfing celestia in the season finale was kinda BS
What's Diamond Tiara really done that was that harmful? She's a bitch, but she's not evil
i like the headcanon of luna waxing and waning with the moon, tbqh
For a second, I thought Celestia died, the way her crown bounced on the ground Aeris style
celestia's talent is moving the sun, not magical combat
Chrysalis outright tells us that she's supercharged
I dare you to try that again
And we never really get to know how close an alicorn and the changeling queen are, in terms of power
I still say that as long as they had made a hash of the plot of the finale, they should have fit in a scene where Luna fights Chrysalis.
due to the fact that she beat celestai
I bet the next 'villan' is going to be a pairing
i also like the headcanon that twi is just neo from act 2 of the first matrix
Chrysalis was only because she was powered up by Shining Armors love
where one is an idiot and the other uses him to no end
But she was surprised that she beat Celestia
If anything Changelings are on par with Flutter Ponies
Can't help but feel Celestia wasn't trying though
slightly more powerful than the 3 races but not as strong as Alicorns
When her blast was being pushed back
she hast fought for a 1k years
I'm totally down with the headcanon that Celestia is the lover and Luna is the fighter.
If anything, Changelings are probably corrupted flutter ponies when their world was destroyed in the movie
That's why I like the thought of Luna swooping in and giving Chrysalis a proper fight.
luna does have a mean streak in her
I don't think they had to outright fight for quote some time now.
So, a powered up Chrysalis > out of practice Celestia
For me, it would have been amazing had Luna come crashing in through the window after Celestia got knocked out, and just plowed straight into Chrysalis and engaged her in close-combat.
NorsePony: luna always seemed the more military one
...alicorns are naaru, and nmm was a void god
How the hell did she sleep through an INVASION?
And then she gets beaten too, and that way Chrysalis isn't establishing her power level by Worfing Celestia, but by actually fighting someone who is shown to know what the hell she's doing.
don't make me link it again AB
and shes the more military one cuz she has an evil entity in her head
The powered up Chrysalis against Nightmare Moon?
norse: to be fair it was just a BS way to get the mane 6 to do somwething
Nightmare Moon seems to have more combat versatility
Oh no, the structure of part 2 of the finale is all kinds of fucked up.
personally I think twilight can whip celestias ass at this point if shes THAT fucking weak
In terms of plotting, the finale was a steaming pile.
You really have to get used to the idea that magic is hax. As long as it's a plotpoint, it always will be bullshit.
and Rogue, since she can learn other unicorns spells
* Randomftw slaps AB|Bored around a bit with a large trout
* AB|Bored slaps Randomftw around a bit with a large trout
* Randomftw slaps AB|Bored around a bit with a large trout
magic= i don't have to explain shit
* BlindShift slaps BlindShift around a bit with a large fishbot
But then again, Pinkie Pie might be more powerful than Twilight
and smarter too, but she hides it well
Think about the implications of eternal night
more like she goes supersaiyan and turns into Surprise
* Randomftw slaps Randomftw around a bit with a large trout
ponies could evolve to survive off of cave mushrooms!
still sounds better then Faust Alicorn being their mother
I think their father is names Chronus
Villain or not, Nightmares Don't Last Forever was one of my favorite NMM versions.
dont get me wrong, I like how the fandom accepted her ponysona like that. It says a lot about the fanbase on a surreal level
I have fans over on broni.es. This one dude's sig goes: "Try to read these without crying:She Was Mine, Causality, Darkly Dreaming Pinky[sic] I swear if you've got any emotions you'll love them."
He wouldn't go so easy on them
With the snap of a finger, he could turn them all into chairs or something
or he could scatter the elements accross the globe
If PiM is against them, I'm on their side.
Discord would be free and would be sealed back again the exact same way as before.
Norse, that's stupid and fuck you :B
I can never see Discord purposely hurting ponies.
Discord was a manipulator at best, he was evil, but not chaotic evil
Inconveniencing them? Sure. But hurting them always seems out of his style.
I totally agree that that thread title was offensive as fuck, and PiM was right to call it out. But continually using their followers as a blunt instrument against the forum? That's suddenly not social-justicey, that's just bullying.
Have you seen the other things they post
Kind of like Q from Star Trek, well exactly like Q
I've only seen what PiM has posted about them.
Well, it's more than just a thread title.
Also, I love how despite "fuck everything about PiM" you still follow that blog pretty much
PIS will be on the Mane 6's side
* AB|Bored slaps RandomREADING around a bit with a large trout
Actually now that I thought about it, what if there's more than one Draconoques?
Well, PiM is influential and run by a hamfisted idiot, so staying up to date with it is useful so I can complain.
Same reason I keep up on what Republicans are doing.
Forgive me, but I suck with acronyms
Jesus, it's 5am. I need to go to bed
Serves to document any and all examples of bronies being fucktards.
Prejudice is Magic, a tumblr blog which started out pointing at prejudice and hate within the fandom, and now is a source of hate.
I like it. Norsey doesn't. Oh well.
It's a shame governments can't pull their heads out of their asses and actually work for the greater good
I used to like it a lot. I stopped when it became clear that the mod was not interested in prejudice in general, but only a few types of prejudice, outside of which zie does not acknowledge that prejudice exists.
Heya Diceman. How's the new take on your fic going?
Yeah last I heard you were re-writing sections
now back to reading man of war
i ahve yet to finish candles request >>.
* AB|Bored explodes into a Tsunami of toasters
And being interested in only a few types of prejudice is fine, but when the premise of your blog is "anti-prejudice-in-general" and you're not interested in prejudice-in-general, then you're an asshole.
Somehow the League of Legends forums got ahold of the Beard fic. My site got a ton of hits again today
I believe it. He's trying to do good, but he's doing it so badly that it's doing bad instead.
I'm debating whether I should sleep or just stay up all night. It's 5:11AM
I'll go for days with 10 visits, 12, 16, 14 then 143 out of nowhere.
i think i have a drinking problem
I think it's amazing that you use them
theres count em...18 empty 2 liter bottles
Heh. It's far less clumsy than saying "he or she."
And some people aren't he's or she's.
* SlorgyPie eyes the 2-litre of Coke on his desk
6 gallons of tea and...12 cans of soemthing i dotn remember having
is my Zecorashy making you kill yourself
I like Coke so much that I made Pinkie get addicted to it, too
though i have killed 2-3 liters ina day before
He drank that all tonight, and his kidneys are about to fall out of his ass.
I drink so much I've earned 3 PS3 games for free, and am on my way to a free PSP too
Is that like a weird sex thing, Random?
Yeah but she got a hold of some anyway and now she's addicted.
Because it totally sounds like a sex thing.
"Would you care for the 'century tuna' or the 'Vienna sausage' tonight?"
Processed meats also sounds like a sex act
Don't talk about the ham goblet, yo
Okay so since I have nothing better to do
I shall make a tumblr megapost with all the queer colours~
Candle, did you see that dubstep tapdancing thing I posted a day or so ago?
I can't stop listening to this symphony doing Skirllex music. It's... I just can't stop
something which will always be superior to dubstep
No offense, but that's a bit of a bullshit.
It's like... it makes me want to write
Diceman this is a symphony doing it
if i wanted my ears to bleed i would play  dial up login on loop..
That's all of his stuff. He publishes one arrangement per week, always pop music.
i reversed applogies, shaped box, and something in the way
And you blogged it from me, so I've seen it. : D
Fluttershy's and Pinkie Pie's expressions are great.
Ok time to watch some Pokemon with the kids, then put them to bed so I can play Diablo 3 again
Why the feature box is different depending on which browser I use
Ok off I go. Hugs for all
Well that was unreasonably harsh and out of nowhere.
I don't actually want to fuck you
At least now we know the feature box can still be amused
Have a semi-popular story, add a 100 word author note and get featured again.
if you were featured adding a chapter got you featured again
But for some reason, one of the stories in the featured box doesn't even exist on one of my browsers.
which meant we had three fics in the box constantly
Yeah, it's the old algorithm on those last two slots, Zay, and that's how it works.
and then two shitty fics that rotated in and out
Chromo, do you have view mature disabled on one?
at least "Let's see how bad I can make this fic" isn't featured anymore
nor are there any "bronies writing about bronies" fics
Well, now you've just jinxed it, Candle.
trollfics get hits...what can i say other than my faith in humanity is all but exinguished
Well, people like to laugh and have short attention spans. Writing something intended to make people laugh will always be more popular than something intended to make them think or whatever.
My trollfic is up there as well if mature content is off.
Yeah, I'm not very proud of myself.
I'd like to see special handling for people with a shitload of followers.
No but Crowley is a cool guy I just
Like the top three or five or whatever authors on the site, they get auto-featured, regardless of quality or merit.
500+ followers?post hits aroun 4 pm?instant  featured
And yeah, they're the top authors because they're pretty reliably decent, but still, for fuck's sake.
When AA can shit out a fic in three hours and it sticks in the featured box for a week, there's something a bit wrong.
none of my fics will ever make featured norse
I'd be even more caustic about that comment
because I always post my drafts first
NorsePony: i wouldn't mind if her last 6 weren't pretty bleh
and no one wants to read drafts
that and I have like two dozen fans at most
Yeah, I mean, the top-follower-count authors should be rewarded for having that status, because hey, they probably earned it. But they shouldn't go to the featured box.
My trollfic is beating a legitimately funny story
Try to guess how much of a shit I give.
and you'll always have more fans than watchers
screw featured box, move to user-tailored recommendations
Because let's face it, when AA posts a fic, it's going to get a hojillion thumbs-up because of her followers, and that predisposes everyone who's not a follower to like it more.
Yeah, Xaq is working on that, ponyaddictLT.
That's just dumb. Liking something out of loyalty.
Like, Ponyman used to be my bestie
I said this before, but the feature box is kind of a revolving door, for about 5-6 authors.
but when I noticed he was going into his emo EQD HATES ME BUT I'M FREE EXCEPT NOT phase
And that's a failure of algorithm, nothing more.
I didn't keep blindly liking every little shit he wrote
honestly, two cups of tea was... a very resounding meh
It isn't the FimFiction chatroom unless we're all bitching about the feature box.
And MrNumbers, I'm so sorry you had to read that atrocity.
and by very resounding meh, I mean I got nothing from it
Who are you talking of and what did he write?
honestly, AA just... doesn't write sad all that well
don't know why she keeps doing it
SLP, she pretty literally shat that one out in one session, didn't she?
Chromosome: I googled it and guess what website I found it on
Chromosome, we have to, otherwise we'd talk about cricket. No one wants that.
norse, she's said that about the past 3 or so fics, I swear
And he's like "Hmmm, I should post this on EQAD"
also, it's bad to not take any time to polish or refine something
Well, she's a prolific author who writes fast, so it's not surprising, but Jesus tap-dancing Christ, she's just coasting now.
I was like: "Don't you fuqqin dare"
He used to be semi-famous on fimfiction
then again, with where she is quantity > quality
And he was all like "lol too late"
Is that no one can dare tell her that
Yeah, she's past the hump of needing to write well, because she's got automatic success with every story.
* CandleEyes hopes you understand why she doesn't like famous people
it feels like she's past the hump of caring about what she writes
And, as has been frequently noted, the reader base here is not exactly the most discerning.
So they're not gonna revolt against her.
Every single time she starts going off about all her watchers and the amount of live readings she gets
she cared about games we play, and it showed. She hasn't about other things, and it showed
Oh yeah, Chromo, she's a complete asshat about it.
It's a pain in the fucking ASS.
I mean, christ, I know I'm supposed to be mature about now
And it'd be one thing if she were just like "OH GOD SO FAMOUS WHEE" but she's not. She alternates between that and "OH GOD I SUCK SO MUCH BOO HOO".
But dear god, you're famous on the internet. Shut. Up.
And you can have one or the other.
There are authors with 20 times the talent you ever could hope to have with not even a fourth of your watchers
You have no right to be on your high horse.
WHY WOULD YOU DO THIS TO ME
I can't wait to fucking moon that story
And I totally understand the whole "artists never liking their own work" thing, but when AA is literally not even trying anymore, she doesn't get to lean on artistic integrity to fuel her despair.
this is why I'll never write a trollfic
Just enough to have a little fun for my birthday
But as soon as those 24 hours are up, that fic is GONE
she's pumping things out without ensuring quality anymore. It's my gripe, but considering the fact she's producing, and already has as many watchers as she does, it's not going to go away
I was like OH HEY A CHROMOSOME STOR- WHAT THE HELL WHO THE HELL PLAGARIZED MY AUTHOR FRIEND FOR PORN PURPOSES I'LL- OH MY GOD IT ACTUALLY IS CHROMOSOME'S I CAN'T WAIT TO TEASE HIM
Wow, seriously, EqAD's poll has butterscotchsundae and TAW and FUCKING RAGINGSEMI and One Terrible Writer as higher rated than Sleepless.
Proof positive that this fandom can't fuckin' read.
I'm not in a position to judge
that's because sleepless doesn't produce as much content as the others
Butterscotch is the only one that can be rated even close to Sleepless
I really don't read that much clop
But it doesn't take much to know that it's better than most of the crap people pump out
You can stop sighing since clearly the discussion doesn't concern you.
I think she's written more non-clop than clop.
And I should know, it's my favorite word.
But some of the non-clop is pretty suggestive, so~
ButterschotchSundae is a famous clop PRODUCER. Calling her an author is far too generous
18 stories by her on the site.
oh so she writes clop and borderline clop
I enjoy going around here sometimes and you know why?
Ah yeah, I've read a couple of her stories. Her style is solid but her plotting is god damn atrocious.
It's log, it's log, it's better than bad, it's good
But since quality ain't matter in this fandom...
And it's all in the log, all in the log.
Seriously, I just wish Crowley would write in a real fucking perspective. I really like his style.
But god DAMN fucking second person is shit and everybody who likes it is shit.
* Diceman is still angry darkest before dawn ended so badly
Norse:  Pssh, that would require not shamelessly manipulating his entire retarded fanbase.
[11:44] <NorsePony> But god DAMN fucking second person is shit and everybody who likes it is shit.
I CAN EXPIRE SO MUCH OF MY HATE NOW
Plus, even if he wrote in a real perspective, I doubt his plotlines or characterization would get any better.
And I'm of the opinion that his writing is good enough that if he wasn't leaning on second-person, he'd still have about the same number of fans.
since this log is going to be causing drama for the next few days anyways, I'm going to come out and say it
if he didn't write the same tired shit every time
SLP is a faggot. Oh no drama
CARMINE, I DON'T THINK YOUR WRITING IS BAD, JUST REALLY WEIRD.
Haha, I've actually never read far enough into one of his stories to know how his plotting and characterization are.
His style is to my liking, is all I know.
I had several people gush about Her Whole Darn Heart, and I read the whole thing
I think i switch between first and third person perspective too much >>.
It was the most surpurbly crafted bullshit I have ever read
Carmine I THINK YOUR WRITING IS BAD AND REALLY WEIRD BUT GOOD JOB ON GETTING FEATURED
I want to shake his hand and punch him in the dick at the same time
Are we all venting our anger towards one another?
Zay-el: i had no idea what was going on there
so I think we're done talking about AA
EmeraldSky: Which was Her Whole Darn Heart again? I read it but...
scy: your dps is bad and you should feel bad!
Rumors were flying the Past Sins would come to FIMfiction
So AA and Obs got together to remark how if that happens, neither of them will have a chance of being featured.
norse: why for you build supply depot at 9 and supply block yourself for 30 seconds?
Oh sorry, they said Past Sins would "hog the feature box"
there was this comment obs made on the blog post about the new feature box
It'd hog the box for about a week or two like every other popular story
Then it would decay off due to age
about how new stories won't get recognition compared to multichapter fics
you're the main stars in that log
norse: I counter speed battleship with mass maruaders! becuase im pro :p"
I can present it to her, yes?
You know, normally, I would never dare say this sort of thing out loud
But with the light of recent events
well, come tomorrow she's either going to start disregarding my advice more, or listen to it
I've stopped giving a shit about anything
Chromosome, it's the internet, who gives a shit
If they do, they're doing it wrong
But does the internats take THOU srsly?
I'd like to see a My Little Party game
Especially considering what's happened to me as of late on said internet
I have no knowledge of that, since other than badfics, I don't go purposely looking for drama info
So I can't craft an opinion, either
Randomftw: really? a ponified Mario Party game?
"A few #fimfiction regulars have a present for you."
that puts it in an unecessarily snarky tone
I wasn't going for snarky, just brutally honest
Why can't I get a similar reaction when I post a story I put tons of effort into?
Hey, write a trollfic or metafic and you'll get featured no less, who are you even surprised?
"An open letter from a few #fimfiction regulars."
I got 200 watcher for each fic I wrote
btw, I cannot believe how fucking good the Jazz Jackrabbit 2 soundtrack is.
I'm wondering if I wrote a third, if I'd hit 600
Yeah, but I'm not mr super popular panties
[11:52] <CandleEyes> "An open letter from a few #fimfiction regulars."
damn, Liquid Rainbows writes a lot of clop
not that it means anything, I don't have a clue how good I am at writing with an audience like fimfiction
I'll just send it to her as is
what are the names of your previous fics?
I got permission from Unahim to make an alternate story to C's Garden
and then one contest entry that got fourth.
flying high falling hard, and let's find you a date
ok then ill just look it up
but when i try to it sends up random shit
Flying High, Falling Hard and Let's Find You a Date!
Not to mention, length has a lot to do with popularity
comma in the first, and exclemation in the second
Heh. My two most popular fics have gone 173:2 and 78:2 with not quite a thousand views on each and with about 80 favorites each, and I've got a total of 34 followers.
don't worry, you're probably better than me
Because frankly my dear, I don't give a damn
"So a few #fimfiction regulars started discussing you."
it will make her feel important XD
how about, "A few #fimfiction regulars were talking about you and wanted you to hear it" so it doesn't sound like we're snooping
suddenly AA sends me pictures of dead kittens
I got my name on How Do Ponies Work apparently
Ah yeah, I keep hoping one of these days HDPW will follow me. :'(
Kyronea follows me, and HDPW follows her, so I know HDPW sees my shit that Kyronea reblogs.
But still, it's not the same. It's not the same at all.
How Do Ponies Work and Kyronea are well worth following, Chromosome. They both do in-depth analysis of the characters and episodes.
But I don't like going off other people's interpretations of characters
In fact, I don't like going off interpretations of characters at all
I'm keeping IRC on all day, to see this.
then he came in contact with EqD
they rejected him, so he said he was DONE WITH EQD FOREVER FUCK THEM THEY DON'T APPRECIATE ART
Oh, we're quoting now? Lemme get something from the inventory then, the Boutique is just FULL of delightful little things.
but then he started writing again and he'd send that shit to EqD and always get rejection
and say he was done with EqD
and then send something to EqD again
Well yeah, he did that ages ago
and then say he was done with EqD
and now he said he'd deleted Bakc Room because he didn't want to be known for clop
Chromosome: Is it wrong I laughed so much when I read that the first time?
but I checked just now and it's up again
Chromosome is an anger-eater changeling. We are dead.
Anger is far more powerful than love
(no one actually calls me their sis. I am sad.)
The more people rage on the internet, and the more powerful I become
It would be me, you P-man and Scy~
So Chromosome if i make you rage what would happen?
and if i bring up a certain something.....
What would a world be like, under Chromosome's control, I wonder
* CandleEyes wants to be NorsePony's sis
Also, I'm writing some ponyfic for an assesment
My enemies would be forced to work in salt mines, and mint chocolate tuesday would become an official holiday.
Brohugs will be mandatory once every 24 hours
its like brushing your teeth then eating a hersheys]
And ponies will be the only show allowed
All who dislike mint chocolate must eat it anyways, or be sent to the salt mines
Winter Draft and Breezy Mist. Let's rock.
Why do male ponies (Shining Armour/Big Mac) have visibly different hooves, whereas no females (Disregarding Luna and Celestia) have hooves that match the colour of their fur?
reminds me of an oc i made up
* CandleEyes goes to write a trans ficlet
Every court would be opened with the judge asking the prosecutor if his jimmies are rustled
Send us the link when its done
Norse would be elected head of my secret police, which makes people disappear when they fail to eat mint chocolate or watch pones
Watching that YTP video posted in Equestria daily... Perfect Stallion song starts
TAW wrote a story named Feeling Pinkie Keenly, and I totally thought it was a take-off of my story.
Yes, I'm aware. Neither does Mr Cake, or various other male ponies. Some unnamed Royal Guards, Shining Armour, and Big Mac are the only ones I can think of with visibly different hooves, however.
And everyone is required to be shuffling instead of walking.
Fortunately or unfortunately, it turns out that it's not.
That way, people can say en passant
keeping up with 3 diffrent convos at once
I'm surprised I'm the only person who seems to have an issue with repetition in AA's style
ah, i realized why i pay attention to AA: she's like the reality show that was amazing the first season, and now i just keep watching out of a compulsion to keep up with the story...
Do you mind if I perform sex acts on your body?
Because your use of that term has made me randy.
I mean, I spot things like this all the time: "Composure was key above all else. Composure, dignity, elegance - whatever you wanted to call it, they all meant the same thing. Simply put, they all referred to that special something..."
I can't have sexual relations with the head of my secret police
That would be a gross misuse of power
If anyone says anything about it, away they go!
can i be head of the salt mines?
You can be the head of the salt drill
As in your face will be the drill bit
why don't you two get a room
and go collab in it or something
ATTEMPTING TO MAKE CONVERSATION SERIOUS OKAY GUYS OKAY GUYS
Do you support or contest the idea of Discord willingly using violence to cause Chaos, as well as him forcing cannibalism (Or general meat-consumption) upon ponies to further cause Chaos?
Henceforth, I can get away with it
I don't think Discord would ever intentionally hurt ponies.
it seems to have gone unchecked for so long...
SLP, she'd really need someone from /fic/ to slap her around a couple times.
Whilst I don't think he would necessarily enjoy the violence and/or gore involved in violence-based chaos, I can certainly see him using violence and meat-consumption/cannibalism to sow chaos.
So today, I learned how to instantly turn on NorsePony with a two words
And using "it's art!!" as an excuse? Fuck you.
I will use this knowledge to my advantage in the future
So of course my question is left un-acknowledged.. :c
well shy i dont think he would do that'
FlutteringShy, I can't ever see that happening. Making people suffer is not funny, it's depressing. Juggling a pony in the air, raining chocolate, turning their vegetables into spiders is amusing, but there is such as over-the line.
When is it ever stated that he enjoys causing the suffering, though?
Just look at him. He laughs at the shit he's causing.
I simply meant that if he were to induce suffering, to enjoy the chaos spread by the panic of other ponies due to the suffering, or aversion of the natural order (In the case of flesh consumption)
./fic/ slapping does every author some good
no one goes through it still thinking they're a good author
Although I have yet to get /fic/ slapped
unless they ignore what happens in /fic/
he doesnt want people rising up against him as one
I can never see Discord going there. Chaos is one thing, but even he'd have standards.
Chaos would also imply you could just break the planet in half.
Heh, I've never used /fic/ because figuring out how to use /fic/ was far too much of a pain in the ass and also after my experience with Cassius, I don't trust the "professional" editors.
also if you put cannibalism in, less ponies to play with = less chaos
Well on /fic/, anyone can be a "professional" editor
me n him are bros (sorta, don't quote me on that)
He wouldn't be so foolish as to break his toys, such as splitting the planet in half, but ponies as individuals? Rarely so important or amusing, and a little bloodshed could cause so much panic and chaos if done correctly.
Likewise, what good does making ponies completely miserable? There's nothing funny in watching ponies weep as they're forced to do stuff they would normally never even think of.
I don't understand the complete hatred of any fic that portrays him as such.
I don't think he does reviews on fic as much
Because if Discord had the tendency of outright hurting ponies, we would have seen that.
She tried to toss them off a cliff and have them be several injured by a manticore.
I asked him to read my third-ever fic, and he pointed out a few actual problems and beyond that basically every one of his comments were advertising that he didn't have much of a vocabulary and was confusing his personal style preferences with actual style rules.
Zay-el: not to mention NMM was about to curbstomp Twilight when they charged at each other
Nightmare Moon was not seeking appreciation at that time! She was out to stop a group of ponies from acquiring the means to defeat her.
And so when a fairly famous pre-reader shows that he's illiterate and an asshole, I no longer had any motivation to employ pre-readers.
To injure ponies would be detrimental to that goal, lest those ponies be about to undo plan (Stopping them getting EoH)
The EXACT same thing Discord was doing.
How is that not trying to injure them?!
A good pre-reader is a good writer
Discord however wasn't as emotionally charged as NMM.
People who say "I have a degree in English" and haven't written a story in their lives are not worthy of being pre-readers.
Also what pre-reader are we talking about
Yeah, it's not a fic. It's a ficlet.
NMM goes batshit insane, first off, is banished. Returns, doesn't want to get sent back, and understandably would be willing to kill 6 ponies to stop it.
Which is also why he's one of the pre-readers who objected to Skywriter's "Twilight Sparkle" fic.
Because he's not an author, and non-authors can't understand that story.
and I thought that should never have gotten on eqd
Discord has been locked away for longer than NMM was banished. Interestingly enough, he doesn't try to murder the mane 6.
Guys, I'm really sorry to interrupt your pre-reader hate
Oh, it absolutely shouldn't have gotten on EqD, that's not what I'm saying.
Whereas Discord is insane in a different way, that is perfectly capable of violence yet does not utilize it, and he is not emotionally invested enough, as a result of his insanity, to be so unwilling to be locked away as to commit murder.
But then again, I REALLY dislike meta
* CandleEyes is proud of herself for writing things
it's not the type of fic that should be on eqd. EqD is supposed to be for literature, which that fic was not
it's sitting comfortably at a 2 star right now I believe
and a page full of angry commenters who also thought it shouldn't have gotten on
Read Rocky Road. It's sort of trans-pony ish.. Kind of.
Getting free after more than a thousand years sounds like the kind of situation where he'd be emotionally invested in NOT going back.
But yeah, Twilight Sparkle shouldn't have gotten on EqD, because EqD is a community of consumers, not producers, so there's literally no way it could possibly be well-received there.
It took Luna, Celestia, AND the EoH to seal him away
It did well on FiMFiction because this is a community of producers.
One can assume that he's therefore pretty badass
a producer does not take seven months to finish a 20k word fic
what led you to ask these diswcord questions
Time to get all sexy up in this bitch
It's done. That's it. I just wanted to get that little idea out of my head.
it's the same reason cassius thought derpy's diary shouldn't have been on htere
But I will be writing more with the concept.
Sweetie Belle as an earth pony. Come get some.
My Little Alicorn. In the comments in the scene after Discord basically destroys Celestia and enjoys it, people seemed very uncomfortable with it, so much so the author posted an abridged version as the next chapter.
you don't apologize for your own shit
Bah. Unless you do Hitlerjack, you shouldn't backpedal like that.
the whole 'it's not real literature' argument
"Apple Bloom gets involved with Big Mac in an intimate way; will she finally discover her special talent and get her cutie mark? "
I can easily see Discord being extremely violent, if he had the motivation. After 1000 years, he was bored and wanted some fun, and too shortsighted (Or perhaps longsighted enough), to just want to amuse himself before accepting re-imprisonment. He may even have been scouting for opportunities, but a complete takeover? Certainly not. I doubt he'd be so silly as to immediately try to conquer Equestria when the EoH are so powerful.
Ah. Yeah, well, that's a fair point. But in those two cases, I would say "so what?"
Oh, that's nothing. I found one with Granny Apple and Big Mac T_T Didn't read it, but ewwwwwie
I would just say no, this sort of fic doesn't belong on the blog.
CandleEyes, that's not what it sounds like, actually
blocked me from viewing My Little Fetish
There was a Twi/Twi's Mom clop yesterday I think, too.
I wonder if people still use the E-PFA
that was like the only clopfic I wanted to read
my parents hate me being a bromy
I mean, yes, they are not REAL LITERATURE whatever the fuck that means seriously, but they're both entertaining reads, and tons of worthless crap gets posted on EqD anyway, so why not?
My parents don't know, because I don't tell them. Why the hell should I?
can you check the recent additions for me
If you are really desperate for Clop, just go find a F/F group, or any other assortment. It really isn't hard to find Clop, and I've found a lot by accident.. though I've found clop in absolutely beautiful story-lines and I was like "D'awww <3"
My view is that using your judgement to make exceptions is fine.
the point is that the fiction section of eqd isn't for entertaining, it's specifically for fiction
which I wouldn't qualify either of those as true fiction
go to this page and tell me the first chapter that comes up
you don't have to read any weird fetish ponies
Any other opinions on the Discord+Violence debate?
lol, I haven't checked that in mooonths
SLP, you're treading a dangerously thin line right there. If it's not for entertainment, then why aren't serious fics on there? Why is it 90% cute ponies staring doe-eyed at the camera?
Well Shy maybe he isnt capable of direct violence to a pony?
Fact of the matter is that within the two episodes we've seen, NMM went a LOT closer to actually injuring the mane 6, than Discord. That's enough of an indicator for me.
If EqD is only for SERIOUS LITERATURE, then virtually everything that gets on there shouldn't be on there. The standards should be far, far higher.
it's for mildly serious fan literature, you can't hold the standard that high, however I do believe it isn't the place for meta fiction or other certain types of storytelling
EQD had to make an exeption :3
NO one opinions, at ALL, on Discord and Violence?
are those chapters i see or seperate storys
I think metafiction is perfectly valid as a genre, but because the appeal of metafiction is so transient and dependent on the audience, virtually all of it is not suitable for general consumption through an aggregator like EqD. For example, Skywriter's story. That definitely shouldn't have gotten on, because it's not for that audience.
weird......i thing fluttering is blocking me im not sure XD
I lost my faith in EqD pre readers when "Twilight earns the featured box" was approved there
"it feels good in the moonlight " Candle
The pre-readers who approved it are authors on FiMFiction. They're part of the target audience. They forgot that they were approving it to be read by consumers, who aren't authors on FiMFiction.
The latest chapter is "it feels good in the moonlight "
[12:35] <DeiStar> I lost my faith in EqD pre readers when "Twilight earns the featured box" was approved there
It was a lapse in judgement on their part, absolutely.
Not all EqD pre-readers were in favor of it.
You could clearly see that from the responses, too.
I already lost faith in it months ago
The internal workings of the pre-reading process for it came out in the comments. There were seven pre-readers who looked at it, and five approved.
seriously, I've added like 1300 words to my Rarity's Bad Mane Day in showing more than telling
@ponyslueth "oh come on, this got on here too?" +26 first comment
I haven't been to EqD in aages
if theykeep on shitting me with the SDT issue
Is anyone else getting shit from jnco9?
CandleEyes: Ugh, "it feels good in the moonlight "
And also, EqD comments are as bad as YouTube comments.
* Randomftw slaps AB|Bored around a bit with a large trout
* AB|Bored slaps Randomftw around a bit with a large trout
I'm tempted to quote CDI-Zelda on this
It's a pretty sick tune, eeyup c;
SimGretina pretty much always puts out amazing music.
I still got weeks worth of power metal to keep me going
EmeraldSky, Wlah, Xaquseg, one of you please drop in, there's a bit of an issue here
jnco9 is apparently reporting everything I say to the police O_O
Drop a message in there reporting the bot and they'll ban him from the server.
I don't know, but don't fucking click on it
Links.. and I'm curious as to what triggered the messages.
The bot's just scraping the chat and trying to phish people.
wow  i did but just stopped it
Don't ping any of the IRCops in #abuse, BTW.
Just leave a message and they'll get him.
He's responding too fast to not be using some sort of software, and it is probably a bot if they have to use any software at all.
then the bot is the one reporting the pokice
Knew it. XD Can never have enough of trolling here, or in Study, eh?
incog is juped on this network, you cannot use that nick
I'm so frustrated, I could just destroy you..
It's just the usual guy. He comes back every single day.
theres always one in the chat rooms
Does he even know what pomf means
let's play GTA2 for a little more
Candle, one of the authors for MLF is shadowsythe22, does he suck at words?
* CandleEyes is not suspicious at all nope
people, y u fave but no give like!?
.. Gosh, you are all so random.
plenty of people on this site favorite things. So Idon't
not very many people dislike things, so I do with a passion
plenty of people on this site like*
I wish they'd animate some of the fics on FimFic for the show :c
Shy if they did that bronies would get mad
I trust the writers enough to assume they know their shit.
And I'd rather not see fan-hordes everywhere.
Some of them are soooo amazing though :c
and 1, if they use the idea from a fic for the show, the author can sue them
If you want a divided and self-destroying fandom, let the fans have input on the episodes.
2, even if they read, they wouldn't pay the author money to use his story
Obviously, but some of the stuff they come up with in fics would be so lovely animated c:
some people do animate their own fics
FlutterringShy: I received lots of comments like that
Pretty sure if I found a show-quality animation of My Little Alicorn, or maybe Flying High, Falling Hard, I'd die of the squee.
Look, I'd be laughing my ass off, if they made an episode about Sir Spike. With that said, I'm perfectly aware of why that should NEVER happen.
Yeah, I know it never will, yet I can dream c:
It's not fair though. People have animated CUPCAKES on fucking YOUTUBE so whyyyyyyy not the good fics too? :c
Don't assume they animated Cupcakes for any other reason than lulz.
God, the implications of any other reasons.. D:
Wait, so why not My Little Dashie for the lulz?
cupcakes sucked so hard people had to do it
MLD would also be for the lulz.
Because Cucapes is a very old fic and still hasn't died like it should've.
You can't look at that fic and say it's good in any shape or form.
Cupcakes will never die, because it is shocking, and contrasts so strongly with the show.
I've never read Cupcakes, thank god, but I tricked my friend into reading it. He was like "meh" and proceeded to show me his organ-surgery-rape-manga O_O
fuck cupcakes, there are better grimdark fics out there
FlutteringShy, it's not as shoking as others but it was originally one of The, shokfics
Cupcakes will never die because it turns out that kids don't know quality from a hole in the ground, and so they keep pointing to it as an example of quality.
but you gotta read cupcakes just because
Cupcakes has achieved the same status as 2girls-1cup in that it seems to be considered a rite of passage.
If you've ever been on the internet, you're supposed to have seen that video.
I only saw the first 30 seconds or so of 2 girls. I stopped watching it because I didn't feel like watching it.
Not because I was in any way grossed out or anything, mostly just an overwhelming sense of 'this doesn't interest me'
Oh, and those organ-harvesting-sexual-gross-gore-ness manga books I told you about? The Kiba Naru and Kanpai DJ, my friend tells me they're called.
I just haven't even bothered looking for it. I know I don't want to see it, same with Cupcakes.
MLP crossovers wouldn't work with majority of manga (Fortunately.)
I can barely stand Goatse or Tubgirl..
Though I will admit that Boner Belly made me giggle c:
you should reblog my trans ficlet :c
Just asked my friend what Death Note is... I'm going to die now D:
You want creepy, Kanpai DJ and Kiba Naru.
I don't know these things, what do you mean by meld!? :/ (I thoroughly reject manga and anime as a matter of principle, and the communities linked to such things.)
its funny how chill you are dei
I came in at the wrong time
Oh! Am I the only one who found the BBFF song very sad?
Especially when her friends cheerily joined in.
.. Does Twilight ever write letters to her parents in Canterlot, actually?
I don't think its too important to actually tell in the show
tell me the dragonborn's good to read
Why isn't Cadence controlling the moon or the sun or something like that?
I mean, she's an alicorn. Aren't they supposedly all-powerful? (Oh, and why isn't Blueblood an Alicorn?)
I think its for the better to not think about it or how Luna had kids while on the moon
cause shes spreading love throughout equestria i think
Either that or there is a third sibling to Celestia and Luna that we don't know about yet
so when is season e3 supposed to airk?
why wouldn't it make sense that celestia and luna were born normally, and picked up their crazy longevity magically? so there would be other members of the royal family?
Otherwise Twilight could eventually be immortal, and no doubt would've figured it out.
But...how would Celestia have a niece and nephew? Luna was on the moon the whole time
A niece and a nephew might make sense
But where is the husband/boyfriend they came from?
Like I said before maybe there is a third sibling
Nah that would only count for Cadence
Blueblood is a unicorn not an alicorn
The alicorn gene can only be inherited by females
It would explain Blueblood but not who their father/mother is
And there has to be a third sibling, otherwise no sense is made.
Well looks like I got some thinking to do during my flight
Ooh! Maybe they will introduce him/her in season 3?
What about all the stories involving Twilight's childhood, that *Never mention Shining Armour*? Is a retcon required, or are those fics now considered incorrect?
if its a female then that would really be messed up.
Shining Armour didnt matter until the season finale hence no mention
d3 needs to go down more often so i can get shit done >>.
Yet another game I will never touch
Charlemagne! I haven't seen you in a while
Let me formally introduce myself I am hermp. Pleased to meet you
FlutteringShy: Those fics got canon'd. It happens.
Trollfic in the featured bar. Excuse me while I go hit myself with a flathead shovel
Well, I'm one for trying to keep faith in people
Perhaps I'm naive, perhaps I'm an idiot
Well I'm boarding my flight now see ya later
Well, I have news. According to Web Md, I most certainly have clinical depression...
All of the symptoms coincide... This is going to be an effing fun rest of my life
According to Web MD, I have testicular cancer and erectile dysfunction.
Meh. It's not like it's not treatable.
I was scared, but then I fapped and remembered that Web MD is a crock of shit.
NorsePony - Side effects include thoughts of suicide (Wait, isn't that what it's preventing?). Beer is nature's antidepressant
Web MD is about as reliable as a stoned fortune teller. Go see a real doctor.
Well, Web MD hasn't failed me before
Stoned fortune tellers have never led me astray.
You know what's hot about a gypsy curse? The gypsy.
And me. The fortune tellers that are stoned usually give me good instructions
MS: "Nothing is ever deleted from the internet."
Shit. Why didn't I think of that before posting this crock of shit.
This thing is never going to die now.
It's going to be like my Star Wars Christmas Special
Chromosome: I SEE SOMEONE JUST GOT FEATURED
Not when it's for a damn trollfic
[07:48:40]	Chromosome	DON'T REMIND ME GODDAMN IT
I guess that's the risk you take when you post one of those  :p
What started as a birthday joke went way too far
And it probably didn't help that Alex posted it everywhere but EqD
Oh, Mic has the his over of Pinkie's Brew up.
arg, when is d3 gonna be back
Make singleplayer require an online log in.
oh hey, d3 is back, we can stop bitching them out now :P
d/cd me after 10 secs of play
Quick, someone tell me what I should say to knighty in order to not sound like a douche
It's foolproof. You can use it for all sorts of things.
Chromosome: what're you planning to ask knighty for?
I'm not planning to ask him anything
I think I'mma take a break from writing.
He spread it as much as he can because he knew I would hate him for it
Sorry was distracted by Florence and the Machine again
And just thanked him for making FimFiction
Diceman: I just came back. That RD tank is hilarious.
The rainbow tread marks totally make it.
IF ANYTHING I'LL GET POKER NIGHT AT THE INVENTORY
and we'll get an a brony server
my laptop keeps saying somethings up with the video card
Your laptop is trying to keep you sane
The plot sounds suspiciously similar, but still different enough.
i saw the youtube vid "My Little Amnesia"
THAT VIDEO DESTROYED MY SLEEP FOR A WEEK
OH MY GOD IS THAT WHAT I THINK IT IS
I'M CHECKING BUT THERE'S AN AD DAMN IT
I REALLY HOPE IT ISN'T WHAT I THINK IT IS
* Pandela is on edge of seat
No peace in this house... I swear...
I thought I'd never see this again.
Google keeps thinking I'm sending automated queries
i live by myself in a wood cabin
Butterscotchsundae has a song based off of one of her fics.
I'd post a link, but I'm not sure if it is SFW or not.
Why can't people write songs for me? ;~;
Which is my excuse to watch the whole thing again!
Clap your hooves and do a lil' Shake~!
this lake is nick named death lake
"Can one make a song with nothing but wubs?"
Do any of you have advice for people who are profusely depressed?
Also, I seem to have lost both my eraser AND pencil.
How am I supposed to draw saucy ponies in school without them?
This day is going to be terrible. I call it right now.
i got all the objectives done despite a headcold
I'm back and I just missed all that conversation
It would be pretty awkward if there was none.
The need to draw Kinkie Pie is increasing.
That's why I try to not go on ponibooru anymore.
Did she really tint her skin orange/
She just had a swim in some fanta.
Anyway, I'm being forced, against my will, to go.
Some people say 'I don't want to live on this planet anymore' jokingly.
it was funny the first time, bu funnier the second
because then i noticed they werent going to the moon
you see them fall back to earth
so what are yall up to this {morning}?
And I was like, The fuck is this shit?!
i love reading the forums and seeing folks  bitch about SS+preperation combo
I'd be really grateful if you could reblog that little ficlet of mine :c
"21 seconds of damage immunity is overpowered!1111"
Amnesia?  no.  It's on the short side.
and went "great my day is ruined"
I'd ask you what happened but we hate each other
It doesn't have much replay value, either, as I'm sure you could imagine.
And that, mon cherie, is why my day is ruined.
Candle, it's... it's not very good. : (
Time to close this chat so I can get shit done
[14:26] <NorsePony> Candle, it's... it's not very good. : (
but... it's a proof of concept .-.
I should say, it didn't speak to me.
managed to get another 1k words done
I gave you a thumbs up since I like MM
im just trying to find ML flash games
No, I was talking about another fic.
I'm just waiting for Fighting is Magic.
Though, come to think of it, I have no idea why we hate each other...
I did, and I'm going to re-read it without distracting music.
all of you already see double rainbow syndrome from youtube?
Unless I'm missing something, I'm not reading anything about transgender ponies
it's a brony take on transgender people
weird but I'm in love with the concept
but you don't really feel comfortable with your horn, et cetera
hrm, idk it doesn't seem to make much sense seeing 4 of the 6's reactions to losing their horns/wings in return of harmony
Oh, I was under the impression that he or she had lost their horn in a tragic accident.
Dash and Twi, for instance, are clearly /very/ comfortable with their races.
with the main characters, sure.  But I can see that being the case with background characters.
Fluttershy could be transrace. She rarely uses her wings.
Candle: I just had the nub of an idea. What would poison joke do to a nontransitioning transpony?
it seems more to me like magic or flying is like walking to unicorns and pegasi, you don't wish you could swim, or something
or she could just be scared of heights
Not like Poison Joke is common but still.
I would say she needs to be more assertive but clearly she doesn't know the difference between being stern and being a total bitch
although I'm not too ecstatic over the premise.  Be fine if an implied concept of a character in an adventure, but not as a focus of a story imo.
because unless an OC comes and feels that way, there just doesn't seem to be a reason for it.  It would probably just seem forced.
is it impossible to give canon characters any additional characteristics then?
because I think playing with characters is what makes fanfiction appealing.
OK, so poison joke operates on whatever is funny and/or ironic. So what if it's a transpony, who is looked up to by others as being an ideal example of the qualities of their breed, and they're fully closeted, because they can't let anyone find out for various reasons. And the poison joke transitions them. And everyone else is horrified for them (and some are horrified of them), and now
they're STILL having to be closeted because they can't let anyone know what a joyful relief it is.
I'm not really a fan of it, but I'm not going to shun a story for doing so.
changing a cannon character's characteristics is interesting if you do it through development throughout the story
since I am a transperson myself so I'm obviously enticed by the concept
It's a solid story arc, because it maintains the dramatic tension all the way through.
Someone should write that. Not I, though.
And depending on how you wanted to end it, it could go either happy or tragic.
well if you want to write about it, then go for it.  I'd still read it.  I just would not be staying up late reading it on Chapter One.
unless you bring in a human in the story.  :P
why would you want to read a human fic
A good story arc builds tension. It doesn't maintain it.
I now really want to read a fic based on that concept, and I really doubt I'll be able to find one
Otherwise, it becomes a piece of utter bullshit
Something about that name puts me on my guard.
Best Pony Bot hasn't seen him in a while.
ever had a great story planned for a fic but your afraid to start it?
I'm kind of annoyed that Flim and Flam share a tag.
i finnished the fant draft for my fallout story, its was over 300k words so im terrified to start it
a semi-HiE, semi-adventure story. I fear for the flaming the story'll get for simply being HiE.
Some writers tend to always maintain tension throughout the story. While that may not necessarily be a bad thing, it's actually very incorrect. Soon, your reader will become bored with the tension and want something ever more exciting to draw them in.
I can think of two HiE stories that I've enjoyed.
All the more reason to write the story after all.
Actually, make that four if you count the one with the giant mecha warriors.
well, there was that one Choose Your Own Adventure HiE story that I'll admit was pretty good.
they lack character development, if you ask me.
There's only one that I found entertaining.
best rating i ever got was 17 : 2
they're all just some guy visiting ponies with a shitty background story to use as an excuse.
I kind of liked the Rorschach in Equestria fic.
best (and only) rating i got is 42/3
Sophistication and Betrayal is quite a good HiE as well.
And a well meaning and sophisticated plot as well
What's more, it's written in first person present tense, and I still like it.
my best fic and i wrote it while so drunk i dont remember even starting up the pc
I hate to be general and promote stereotypes, but every HiE story I've seen is either about a fanboy going and screwing around a lot pointlessly, or a troll going and the author giving up on the story before anything happens.
people seem to have a lot to say for writing drunk.
Oops, there was meant to be an "and" between "person" and "present".
Then get it right the first time.
that's bad news for my editor, in that case.
for me it was the 148 pages of random letters from me passing out on the keyboard
woulda been more but the keyboard lockes itself it a keys held for 2 mins
I'm assuming it's an HiE fic, so all I can say is: no.
so the Dishonest guy is an honest fan
scoot, ever see the yugioh the abridged movie?
D: "I really do, they're thoroughly enjoyable."
I wish there were more of him
yugioh was a good series damnit, they didn't deserve that.
and less jerks who dislike Technicolor because EW ALICORN
love it! i got my first ever "so much fucking" win post on a fic :D
Such a ship can only come from a beautiful heart
I will blast holes in this ship
alicorns aren't bad, but alicorn OC's are.
I keep hoping for pictures in the comments.
Charlemagne is afraid that Charlemagne must fly, now
my oc pokes fun at alicorn oc, hes got a chunk of bone stuck in his head and spends half the time explaining hes not an alicorn
I'm writing chapter 4 as we speak
tbh, I think that may good.  Nice change of pace.
Every other one I've seen was about Twilight.
I think. I need inspiration for Dash and AJ
In my heart, I knew this to be so
ahhh i wait all week for time to write and i get 30 words in and hit writers block...
btw i dont care about the little things being sent
yea, inco6, i dont open random links sent by people i dont know
I do if they have a NSFW tag
I joke, that doesn't make any sense
Charlemagne, weren't you supposed to be going
yeah, but you report it to the network opers, and then they have a job to do
Curse you all for contributing to my tarry
Perhaps I shall linger for a scant few minutes
(Do something interesting so I can stay)
* LuckyBreak considers doing another pony rap
* CandleEyes has sexy sex with Charlemagne
I do if they have a NSFW tag XD
* LuckyBreak puts on a beat and grabs a mic
Your beat sounds suspiciously like crickets chirping
listen up my little bronies, to my lyrics about theses ponies/ i got some rhymes dont you know, about this epic show
funnily enough, once you said that I heard crickets outside.
It's a good thing pony rhymes with brony, or this whol rap thing would be hard
I learned the hard way I can not draw crops.
Why would you want to draw crops?
(I don't even KNOW what it is anymore)
Your eyes will INSTANTLY go to it.
I wouldn't have known it was a crop
Just draw a stick with a loopy thing at the end.
Or I can just never draw one again.
make it thinner, a little shorter with a small loop
I thought it was a whip too...
There is just one thing left to do.
It's a road flare with a long fuse.
You people are beginning to annoy me with your pointless dribble.
Why a road flare would have a fuse, I dunno.
is it me or does her eyes make her look board?
You're getting a lot better at drawing her hair.
Then I just give up and say
Hey bit of advice guys never fly with Delta airlines
hmm if your doing a whip, would it look good if it was coiled in her mouth?
I try to avoid flying in general, because airlines don't get any economic benefit from treating their customers like humans.
You must ask the planets to lend you strength.
Yeah well I just got delayed for the 4th time
lol.  fail virus.  I only just realized that inco tried messaging me.  doesn't really work when I can't see the top of the chat.  :P
Oh yeah, I've yet to look at pony tutorials. :D
Maybe I should look at one sometime.
For a still more glorious Pinkie awaits.
let me find you a good tutorial
I was supposed to be on my last plane already and yet I'm still stuck in Georgia
I wrote another crappy paragraph in my philosophy fic
Like, I enjoy being up in the sky and the whole experience of traveling
Flying is nice when I get an aisle seat.
the only one with a macro fetish
Nah, you've been practicing hard. You're probably like 14,985th by now.
Okay, it really is time for me to depart
You don't know how happy you've made me, norsy.
I bid you all a heartfelt farewell
a few of the people in here talked about AA
and how she's stopped caring about what she's writing
and I saved the log and sent it to her
(but this sounds interesting so I'll stay for a bit)
Improper usage of the /me command is completely annoying. Please stop.
I don't see how it is annoying at all, personally.
It annoys me. So don't do it.
there's not much tutorials about backside view which I guess the perspective you want to draw
:\ But that's how I happened to use it.
They BETTER not be attempting Pinkie's mane.
Please explain to me what gives you the right to tell me how to use /me
Supposedly, her mane is the hardest to do.
you know how many half circles on Pinkie's mane
you're just drawing cotton candy on a pony
Oh, I have my own style for Pinkie's mane.
I don't follow the guides on that.
you can rework that last scan you showed me
I sent AA a log of people basically saying she's been getting cocky
CandleEyes: it's not the first time she's heard it
I need to start practicing with clothing.
we do not need hell in equestria
Which is why we're trying to wake her up.
we simply lock bad ponies in a luna game
I can imagine those papers having explicit posing
Well, I'll finally be off if nothing interesting happens within five seconds.
I wanna say something but I guess I don't know what's really going on
well must get going, my better half wants me to get her new pc built today
imma imagine what devilish plot would carmine plan for pinkie pie
yeah... he's studying how to draw ponies
Carmine wouldn't do something to - pfft. Damn, I can't even say it with a straight face.
carmine, on pinkie, whose your R63 pair for her
* FaustiusRune makes I see what you did there face
Pinkie may break up with me once she reads the clopfic I'm going to be in.
My OC is going to be  in LR's next clopfic.
is that second-person F/M thing I requested ;-;
I gave him a REALLY good clopfic idea.
* FaustiusRune pats candle dont worry... ribs grow back
I've been waiting for that shit since like
and no you're not allowed to fuck me
I'm still having a hard time mimicking armor's front view
there's not much guide on other perspective
Carmine, why would you fuck me, you silly.
Do you need a reason to fuck others now?
And why the hell is it so bloody hot today, I'm frickin' melting slowly here..
u should be happy its not raining...
I'd take permanent rain over heat anytime then
or just permanent winter.. Delicious cold winter..
"I know that I’m not supposed to let it bother me, since that just gives them more power or whatever, but the thing is, it does bother me."
so wait, when people complain about your quality dropping
Bleh. I guess I should feel bad even though I had no actual involvement in it
Oh well.. Bloody heat or not, back to writing
WE LOVE YOU AA NORSE IS A DICK
No, that's pretty definitely gonna happen, and thanks for that.
I think I scared him by tabbing him.
it'll be 100 for the first hour
and so most of my fans will be idiots
and the thought of waking up to inane comments on my work just
that good feel when you don't have much followers... *sniffs* yyyeeeaaahh
Once I'm finished with my universe fic
First off, I have 2 EqD pre-readers editing it, so I'm guaranteed to make EqD.
I also have Norsy as an editor.
WELCOME TO #fimfiction YOUR ONE STOP TO FIC WRITING AND WRITER'S BLOCK
Oh, White Box: True Colors got featured? lol
I knew it would simply because it's White Box, but still.
candles from urban dict Mulp is a way to express the feeling of seeing a beauty through a apparently badly rusty thing.
as a guy with no knowledge on literature or writing
I can't look at that fic title without thinking of Star Wars: Republic Commando - True Colors.
Oh yeah, you were helping with that.
Remember reading all sorts of horrible puns in this chat
I didn't even participate in this and I feel hurt
"Those guys are assholes to an unprecedented degree."
Yeah, you don't get to say you didn't participate, when you gave it to her.
Anywayz about those jealous noobs in that convo. They are just jealous noobs. i mean they obviously can't write as well you and are just disappointed that they don't have as many followers. And despite what they say about auto liking. I don't believe that is entirely true. I DEFINITELY don't auto like. I like it if i think it is good.
I guess I felt the need to present it to her
since talking behind her back is bad
You lost all of your credentials right there.
I actually just saw this intelligent comment and didn't know whose it was
kind of a sad hidden message in that.
And most of the people in that thread are saying pretty much the same thing: "you're good but, yeah, I've seen you do better, and it's not your fault that your stuff gets auto-featured."
Which is all true. I mean seriously, she wouldn't have a thousand fucking followers or whatever if she wasn't good.
But due to the way the featured box works, she no longer has to try to write well. That's my complaint.
so, AA needs to take a break, big deal?
we had to point it out to her
well the kid can't take much pressure of... whatever's happening
of COURSE we dislike the fact that a fic that took three hours of work OWNS the featured box.
is that you likely would never have told her
Yes, but you're the one who brought it to her attention. Which puts this squarely on your head, so please stop trying to unshoulder that burden.
I've been saying exactly that for a few weeks now, norse.
Yeah, I wouldn't have, because what's the point?
people with mass amount of followers should need more likes to get featured.
Talking about people behind their backs isn't nice.
And showing them what people say behind their backs is even less so.
AA is more used as an example.
so i don't really see the problem.
So all the fun will be had~ WEE~
there's other writers that do the same, she's just the most obvious one.
I have a very hard time lying.
welp... good luck fighting conscience, ponies and people
Lying is not the same as shoving it in her face. Again, stop trying to deny responsibility.
"i do not agree with the idea that the quality of my story is dropping"
that kind of stuff is why i'm not liking AA so far.
I stand by what I said. But you don't get to write yourself out of the picture here.
You've said "I didn't contribute to this" several times.
no one will really know I sent her that PM
I see nothing wrong with expressing your opinion.
Oi, I left my opinion of her on her blog post. That's all I'm saying xD
I ship my OC with hers behind her back.
I'm not going to share my exact thoughts on AA.
CAME TO CELEBRATE THE BIRTH OF A NEW DAY
She shows what's wrong with the system. The fact that she is benefiting from what is wrong with the system does not mean that what is wrong with the system is her fault.
she's wrote how many stories in like a month?
it's harsh on AA, because she's a decent writer, from what i've seen...
but she gets so full of herself at times. that's what i can't stand.
that's one of the problems I have. She's realized that she doesn't have to try too hard to get features, so she just pumps story after story out
other than that, i have no problems with her.
* CandleEyes pours ice-cold water on Norse
She's prolific as fuck, yes. But she's always been prolific as fuck. I suspect there's probably been other factors responsible for her decline in quality.
it's like you guys are arguing how harry potter sold so many copies on its first big time market selling
I have no problems with authors having off periods, or just wanting to write some crap to get it out of their system. The problem in this context is that no matter how badly she writes, it's GOING to get featured.
at least my name isn't mentioned in the pastebin doc.
You know when popularity goes to someones head their work usually starts degrading like jk rowling
you guys must be receiving quite a bit of flame.
I need to write some luna dialogue.
Is there a Union of People Who Drove AA to Hiatus?
somebody called Norse, Chromosone, and SLP noobs.
Can't say i'm too familiar with any of their stories.
except for White Box. i f*cking love White Box.
Meh, it's not like they know any better. I'm like the least famous person in this chat room.
Nah I think that would be me norse
I'm on an iPod, so I'm not sure of what I can do
You can fight! Stand up! For your rights!
Someone needs to do a Flutterschavio fic
I'm not gonna be the one to write that, carmine.
both for fear of receiving flame, and because i dislike writing stuff that's not my idea.
"Revolucion." "I'm—I'm sorry, I don't speak your ghastly taco language." "Revolution." "That's what I thought you said."
'"But no matter how much anypony else tells you something, it doesn't mean they're right or that everypony else agrees with them. It just means that they're the ones being the loudest. So who cares what they think?"'-RD
You know, if someone criticizes you, they /must/ be a troll
so just ignore them and never improve
I told somebody that xD They said people who criticize her are just envious. I loled.
is it wrong that i feel like the first sentence of wikipedia's article on Schizoid personality disorder describes me?
characterized by a lack of interest in social relationships, a tendency towards a solitary lifestyle, secretiveness, emotional coldness, and apathy
'And I said oatmeal?! Are you crazy?!' - Pinkie Pie
either you really are schizoid or just being emo
You are clearly reacting to this in a sensible way.
then again: "Read up on disorders on wikipedia. I have all of them."
it's not a problem if it is scoot
We should all respond with quotes from the show
Meh, i'd be quite happy knowing that there's a reason.
i can't type for shit today XD
i really feel like grabbing a bathtub filled with popcorn and reading the comments on that blog ALL DAY
Who? Poultron? I hear he's been saying a lot of things as of late.
they seem to think that we're targetting them rather than the issues with the featured system.
I get this shit all the time, AA, you know that.
that's a bit... not arrogant... but what's the word?
Device Heretic...nope, can't say I've heard of him. Then again, I don't visit too many chats in my spare time.
Vargras is going to come on and bitch at us.
know what... I wont say anything about this since I really dont know what's going on...
Oh please, it's only 9:16 in the morning, our mods are a bit more considerate than that, don't you think?
So... what the hell di i miss?
that's why they said "in all seriosness"
Ooh, I suppose that makes them fit for my shenanigans...if I ever get my 'mojo' going again, I have to be in a very specific state of body and mind to do that.
red pill I'll tell what's happening on my perspective
And people are getting SO serious about this.
Fuck! I have to go to work today!! TT~TT
silly Carmine, not for you, for Wil
Well, first, dosed up to the eyeballs on caffiene, second, my brain must be the fastest moving part of my body, which is hard, as my fingers are usually the fastest moving part of my body, example: Puzzle League series.
Ah, salutations and good morning to you, Skull.
red pill I'll tell what's happening on my perspective, blue pill I'll lick you Wil
dont make me go Dolan on you
If I get a dislike spam from this shit
What was the whole thing about the site exploding about?
there is always blood...what else is new
lol, CandleEyes, I actually went to like your story and realized I already have. xD
Well, I'm going to stay with the insane people
I don't like the sound of that.
* Wilhelm_II moves from 'Normal' to 'Discord' part of FimFiction
I haven't sworn on here since yesterday.
DH TOLD ME TO THROW IN THE TOWEL
I WAS NOT ON CHAT AT THAT TIME
Tell him you didn't mean his language
that he insulted people for having a very valid opinion.
Meh, don't worry, agents will likely black-bag him in his sleep, he'll have to stop eventually.
"Oh no you got me I'm such a bad little boy who should have his wrists slapped *watch out we got a badass over here meme* Seriously, if calling me out for being a potty mouth is your strongest rhetorical position at this point, it might be time to throw in the towel."
He insulted people for having an opinion, and then he'll say that that's his opinion so fuck off.
I'm talking about shut your goddamn mouth and stop asking
CandleEyes' qoute does make a solid argument, I'l give him that.
opinions shouldn't be insulting. SLP and crew didn't call AA a shit stain.
it's not because you should give up
that's the word i was looking for.
he/she, who cares? I most certainly don't.
The moral of this? We are shit stains
like I said, DH's ego is too damn high
* RPlate|Writing hopes Tira didnt read that
"Well, it isn't my strongest rhetoric, I just don't like seeing people I like being generalized and deemed poisonous little shitstains. And insulting people for having a valid opinion just because it doesn't make sense to you is something you shouldn't do."
* CandleEyes is scared of the war help mommy hold me
I feel bad for the mods when they get on.
I'm not joining any side at all
Though, your opponent, being the genius that he/she is, will probably craft a suitable counter.
Where is our pony god of war Pinkie!
Carmine: They are going to kill us
here's one part of SPD that could be useful on this site: Appears indifferent to the praise or criticism of others
I am the keeper of the cheese, and you're the lemon merchant, get it?!
Alrighty then, I'm off. Have a good one guys.
"Honestly you don't want to be hated by spergelords on the internet?"
"Internet problem solved, take a moment to laugh at those four crying neckbearded whine whorses and move on."
Is it only AA that we messed up?
you just said have a nice break right?
Oh, this has truly been a wonderful morning.
Carmine: When poultron come on, will : A)Be burnt
Or c) Banned for life due to his anger?
C) sounds like the most likely scenario.
they told me I was too afraid to leave my own house.
we have a flame dance to watch
The moral of this? Don't send people chat logs
This is how I spent my off days.
Crit, sometimes don't question how idiots think
Righto, I see your point, everyone, looks like it's time to meet my destiny.
I'm doing this because I love you.
I got a seat, and I see fireworks
CandleEyes: What a coincidence! This is how I spend my off-days as well!
And an empty bottle of Captain Morgan.
CandleEyes: I can't tell if thats love or hate, with you it seems to be the same thing
me too, I just read AA's blog post and am glad I was away for most of that conversation
Carmine: What food would you like to order?
although I remember some of the names of users in the chat and am pretty sure who told her
Hey guys, I'm looking for a comic
CandleEyes: Da'www Dh thinks you are cute
It's not pony realetd but I think the majority has seen it.
like I said in her blog post I would have spoken up if I'd seen those last comments
and I think it ends with him saying "I am not a very smart man"
Wil is here if you're looking for british
LunaUsesCaps: I say we find the guy who wrote that series finale...and we make him write a new ending.
Well, he ends up in hell I think...
and he was talking to either a dragon or a demon...
He ends it with "They're being assholes."
There's a war about to erupt on this site.
And? I'm Norwegian. Where does that lead us?
KMCA: You are going to smack us fillies?
This is like lobbing grenades at device heretic's fifty keyloggers
I'd lob grenades at you... if you know what I mean....
Anyone? This is actually making me nervous.
Oh waaaaaaah, wars come and go and pretty much everyone slaps each other on their respective wrists and make up.
this is going to be intense. I'm kind of enjoying this xD
"Since it was free and all, I must've drank me about fifteen dr. peppers."
"My mama always told me, that life is a box of chocolates"
"Life is like a box of chocolates."
Forrest Gump is my favourite movie ever, without question.
Alright, alright, come here so I can give you a medal for your efforts, come now, don't be shy.
but you'd have jumped in on it I'm sure
You don't tell me who was there.
KMCA: And I don't insult people's fics
And you weren't there, so please stop pretending you were.
I just write to make me happy
Wil, please fuck my grammar so she behaves
Truth be told, I would've electrocuted you the instant I got my hands on you.
I got one, that pony always comments after I publish a chapter
* Wilhelm_II pulls NorsePony out of the fire
I like how the only one actually defending the popular authors here is DH, another popular author.
it's like she read the whole chapter in a minute
do I tell them I sent the log
'cause really, they can go fuck themselves
i'd do it, candle. just for shits n giggles.
you will be flamed so hard candle. Best you didn't.
LOLOLOL Instant death if you try to swim on RDR. That's a fucking first...
And banned if Poultron is been pissy
Wilhelm_II: " But yeah, Chat can be a bitch at times, but not as much as the user who sent it. "
I think wil is trying to calm the situation down, right man? XD
...I'm trying to shift hate from the chat to the user who sent it
Maybe AA will take some time with her next story, and write something REALLY good again.
* KMCA pats candle on the back
what is that fucking Master_somepony talking about
Ooohoohoo, banned by Poultron, that kind of fate sounds ripe for tempting.
[16:42] <Wilhelm_II> ...I'm trying to shift hate from the chat to the user who sent it
Because I don't like it when people talk about other people behind their backs.
I saw the top bit of the convo, but that was it
I don't mind, as long as they don't say it within earshot of me, then I could honestly care less what they think.
Bullshit, Candle. You did it to stir up the shit.
my inner mysogyny is showing on the internet...
there are no girls on the internet
I just hate girls... epsecially on facebook...
KMCA in GlaDOS' voice: The Girl is a Lie
* KMCA smacks norse gently on the back of the head.
Honestly, Norse, I had no intention of causing this, and I feel insulted that you think so.
anything you say on the internet is subject to quotation and redirection to the person in question
but mommmm, I don't wanna wearrrr the blueee oneee
I just lost all faith in music.
"Kill everybody" has over 33 million views.
DH is so conceited. "I'm a correct asshole" O_o
I don't want to leave the pc..
egomaniac... DH is such a n egomaniac
INB4 somebody sends a pastebin doc of people complaining about DH to him.
Should they do speak within earshot, they'll usually be reprimanded and let off with a stern warning, though if it comes to it, I'll just banish them to the alternate plane of reality within my hat.
NorsePony: This is going to end badly for you isn't it? With all the angry fans and everything.
after AA, next blogpost will be from DH then
Well, it would my dilly-dally time is up, farewell my fellow chat-goers, until next time.
RainbowsCrush it doesn't matter what you post, the blog war is going to get featured
"Protip: saying you're right and the other people are wrong doesn't work."
* KMCA bites tongue on 3 really harsh replies
I'm not confident at all in case you hadn't noticed
no, no more hating on that thread
fuck device heretic if he thinks calling yourself a "correct asshole" is how you win an argument
you can't reason with a stubborn ego maniac
[16:50] <KMCA> no, please kick me in the groin.
WHY CAN'T WE ALL JUST GET ALONG!
i can understand clop as in pictures, but the fics i'll never quite understand.
EVERYONE, take a deep breath and calm down
Scootalloo: you're a filly, you won't ever
I'm glad I don't know few parts of a horse
I want to get drunk but I have work in a few hours... challenge considered?
I'd rather not get into it, actually.
I'm quite happy with ponies just putting me in a good mood, and not being something i get off on.
Scootalloo: Yeah, try some rapefiction by TAW
Yes, chatters can be arseholes, and yes users can, but do we really need to fight over this?
Scootalloo: or humans on ponies by TAW
"Literally the worst thing they called her was "Miss Famous Fancy Pants"   Oh, you might be right... that hurt MY feelings." I loled at my own thing.
* Wilhelm_II pours water on the fire
He still posts some stories on the archives
that's my last comment on that page
Registered: 43 weeks, 4 days ago (ID: 432) Last seen online: 6 days, 13 hours ago
I wanted to see his try on a humanized rarity ship
I mean, yes, with that, but I added a comment
about how I'm done and go fuck yourself in the ass with a steak knife
to lighten up, dont swear on your last comment
Can we leave it to die out now?
the only thing I don't like about this is that when you become famous, you apparently become inept to criticism. If anybodies criticizes you, they are obviously a "poopy head" @_@
And yes, Wil, that is a good idea.
well, haters gonna hate isn't a completely unjustified statement.
You know, that attitude is completely granted
I hate people that are unsuccesful, yet have exactly the same attitude.
you know what I hate? That House series finale! AmIRight?!
Like every second author on this site.
Things don't ever make sense, scoot, ask twi.
hurr durr I'm great fuck your criticism hurr durr
much like any butthurt badfic writers who submit to eqd
oi, you haven't seen it over in Germany yet?
you make me want to go back in there and wreck dh's shit
just know that everything you think is apparently complete bull Wil. The writers say fuck your shit and do what they want.
you yourself said you were trying to shift the hate to me  >_>
I got a little disheartened by EqD, but i didn't get butthurt.
CandleEyes: I didn't know it was you when I first wrote it
Perhaps I could write something in German, but English just isn't my case.
* KMCA is further amused by double standards
Something is wrong when I'm calling for peace
I posted a completely irrelevant comment on AA's blog
but I'm glad you are, I called for it and was completely ignored
but his justice mind becomes like Judge Dredd
I was agreeing with something being wrong in the world and you calling for peace
"But I will definitely agree that the worst offenders here are those that sent that to AA (don't know who)."
you know, police pony and he/she becomes hungry power
that sounds like you're having sex with a pony
I used to wonder what fuckfaces could be
I really have to use that word
until you all took a shit on the walls of AA's blog
Anyone of you guys have a sappy M/F romance fic to recommend for me?
at the risk of ficwhoring, take a look at mine, lame?
* FaustiusRune walks away from Wil "Dont come near me."
I love how Criticul's trying to distract Master from it
I'm going to change the topic of that entire blog to a single persons avatar. It's going down people, peace is coming xD
CandleEyes: You really need to calm down
FaustiusRune: I meant it does sound like that
I need something that introduces them as total stranger at first, then it slowly builds into "true love" or whatever...
FaustiusRune: Thats wrong on so many levele
someone just called my post a steaming pile of bullshit
screwed it up by the second line
That may or may not be me.
you use that letter on your name
* CandleEyes will not reply to that
Candle, find a solid object and punch it. Then LET IT THE FUCK GO!
I will not. I will not react to this semi-literate fanboy's idiocy.
Sorry, my left hand is focusing on the keyboard while my other hand is focusing on the cigarrette
shhh.... *snuggles her mane* calm down candle... calm down
* KMCA breaks out the emergency brushie brush
And yet you're not angry anymore. It works.
I'll still brush your FUCKING HAIR IF YOU DON'T CALM DOWN! Now come sit with me
...okay, fuck it. I was going to say something about that mess.
let uncle Michael brushie brush your hair
I'll sit down, listen to some music, put on a shirt that I haven't been wearing all day.
I'm 22 and I want to snuggle a 16 yr old filly
* KMCA brushes Candles hair and hums MLP
Well, great, Lame, no one really cares about what you say all that much either
Awe, I think somebody is getting angry...
how long do you take for on fag?
be right back, I'm going to fondle Rarimallows, she made a mess
how long do you take for a cigarette
dont include what I said you bastard
Anyways, I savour the taste, so it probably takes me about 15 mins
I'm not sending her anything, it was a joke
LUC is quite possibly my favorite person on this site.
can't believe I'm seeing a teen fight
He is the morning and the evening star
Crit, is your name inspired by cr1tikal?
if someone points out he argued with a kid
I'm 26 and I still act like a kid... so yeah
I do events at MUCH Music, I know how stupid kids are
We watch MLP, the whole "Been a kid" doesn't really work
x3 Ponies aren't edgy enough for me man
one time someone almost broke a keyboard
I'm going to go shoe shopping now
I tried to make peace with knowledge of cute as shit avatars. I failed. :(
guys, I need the most adorable picture you can find. Go!
not gonna look on that post again
I was thinking one already before you said you want some
Shouldn't of had to say anything in the first place. AA has the right to be upset.
I don't have a problem with AA. x3 I don't like the fanboys that follow her insulting people they don't even know.
Don't know why this IRC thinks it can do anything it wants without consequence
Anyone know the story A new point of view?
Candle said that she sent it to AA
I quit reading it since the writer sucks dick and won't update his older fics
but then I heard he's gotten better
But now I can't follow the story anymore because the grammar and spelling is 4th rate.
yeah wil, I want to hng not lot xD
I have no idea what "HHNNNNNGGG" feels..
that's not hhhnnngg that's booiinnng... I think?
I still don't know what "hnnng" feels like...
What the hell am I supposed to feel here?
I just look at the gif and I don't feel a thing!
why dont links automatically create a new tab now
they did that before? I've always had to open a new tab manually
Lamealot: I used to be like that
yesterday if you clicked a link in irc
I just clicked the link, and it made a new tab
now it is giving me the leave warning
I feel cheated, it's never done that for me
hell, I can't even laugh at jokes
and I know, cos I waas in this stand up comedy bar one day
Nope clicking still opens in new window
and I was the only one that didn't laugh
The guy even noticed me not laughing!
no one has access to my computer
 i woke up to that adorible pic
I'm not saying it was changelings, but it was changelings
But I can never do it again
did you troll cheeselegs into submission, emperor?
still wondering about centaurs, how would scholar ponies describe centaurs without saying something 'human'?
And let back on the condition that I never do it again
I wonder what heppened to the real cheeselegs...
to not make a fuss with Lyra
FaustiusRune, "with an upper body similar to that of a minotaur"
I'm still trying to find a damn comic where lyra flips off twilight....
What if... AA eats some Icecream and feels better?
I will not look at that corprorate slut...
its the most amazing thing ever, but i quote from chromosome
"i'll get around to writing a >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>real<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<< sequel"
i cried so hard at all the one liners
I'm concerned. Whateve- oh it's my girlfriend, fucking sweet.
I thought it was a real nope story...
I GOT A NEW ELEMENT FOR YOU!
I think it's to start restocking the Boutique.
* FaustiusRune fire shotgun at you "PAIN!"
[11:27] <Lamealot> I'm still trying to find a damn comic where lyra flips off twilight.... - Impossibru! Hooves!
colours --  surprised people didn't complain about that spelling xD
tape a fucking popsicle stick to her hoof
Still, a lot of people will complain about it because they can't accept different cultures have different spellings.
bah screw you... didnt get the pun
If you need anything more, you're watching the wrong show.
Criticul: You mean the way it is spelt in english?
with exception of armor I try to use UK english because it's closer to Canadian english
[17:30] <LunaUsesCaps> [11:27] <Lamealot> I'm still trying to find a damn comic where lyra flips off twilight.... - Impossibru! Hooves!----- She made a deal with Trixie to get hands
British English vs American English. Stupid argument, but people persist with it
i cried so hard at all the one liners
I use what I learned from anything
KMCA: Well, we did raise you, after stealing you from France
you didn't do a good enough job. Quebec exists
Quebec... that reminds me, how the fuck do you pronounce it?
I think I agree to that lame
Or, shitty older brother to America, which ever you like best.
If you pronounce it Kaybeck they'll think you're from Alberta
a guard named Wilhelm collapses and tumbles off the top rail of the catwalk and cartwheels to the ground.
is that what I read it is?
I won't go back to that, but I will still stick to my Dolanish beliefs..
im making a Hitler is informed, MLp youtube vid
KMCA: If I was dead, could I do this
you were dancing when you died too
I have still not recovered from that Celestia pic.  D:
I'mma go inactive for a while. This will be the last sentence you'll hear from me for a while.
Ah finally checked into my flight into Korea
would kim jong un be pissed if you stick your schlong across the border?
that'd be a mighty long shlong rune
Heh yeah if you get closs they pull you onto their side and shoot you
video will be up in a min
Or beat you for infomation on the west
no it involves buying new work boots and going to the movies
then maybe buying a fan for my room
They always come when you're trying to clop.
just a week of non stop drawing
and you can draw your own Pinkie Pie
I'm forcing carmine to draw ponies with guidelines
No I do not love the bride, my heart is dead inside
that discussion on AA's blog is gold.
that reminds me... got to hear Yaplap's version of so many wonders
unfortunately I'm only going to read the hate on me in about 4 and a half hours.
go read it, it's worth it, people!
Does anybody know what the original conversion bureau story was called?
Oh lawd, someone sent AA the logs from today?
Soon...soon I will go into the future
The fact that you laugh at that rianbowscrush
now I'm not sure if I want to see how much that guy pasted
I can't find this, I am being so blind!
Including rants from Chromo, me, Norse and a lot of others.
the psoted log can be found here, which is now public for all 1188 of aa's fans
hermp: Nah, most of it has cooled down
Well, Candle said that she did it
Did var get on after I left?
i was laugh the whole time when we were rp'ing a bit to calm candles
You know, normally even I'd get a little embarrassed and feel bad about telling someone off like that.
It's going to blow over by noon. I DEMAND BETTER DRAMA
I'm generally not the kind of person to lash at anyone for extended periods of time and even if I do get angry, I calm down within the second.
Theres senseless drama, and then theres mass flaming someone and aa's borderline illegal blog post
So I was perfectly willing to just look over this whole thing
But do you know who's at fault?
 >(I was in therapy about it and everything.)
And I officially don't give a shit anymore.
Especially those names who pop up in that pastebin
LunaUsesCaps: I wasn't even online when it happened
LunaUsesCaps, I'll send you a postcard when I'll start feeling bad.
The moral of this? Poeple need to use privite conversations
is why not one person asked chrom/slp/norse to stop flaming someone
who is a member of our irc community and group
How many people are in here at all times? 50? 60? More?
I don't know, I wasn't there. Maybe it was late and people weren't caring?
I was away when it went down. I did read the first part of it and just continued
I wasn't here, but I read that log and the only person who was speaking out of turn was Chromo, eho was being kind of a dick about it
I am only here 7-8 am and 3pm-10:30pm during the week
The people in the convo are at fault for saying what they did. The people in the irc are at fault for doing nothing to stop it. AA is at fault for making it exponentially worse for everyone (despite the fact that the people talking in the bin deserve it)
Then I'm not at wrong for once.
I urge you people not to go on her blog
Yep, I'll perfectly admit to being at fault of having an opinion and voicing it.
I was away, and it isn't the first time we've had that convo... even with AA in the room, they just used a different example
AA has done the same exact thing
although the attacks of fic quality was a first
I didn't I just asked people to take a deep breath and calm down
Like I said, this whole drama is terrible
I didn't see quality part, I was watching a movie
Oh, right. Sorry state of affairs, that.
And yes, I also voiced my opinion on that as well.
I like the way you phrased that.
It is a sorry state of affairs
the older style of english really suits me.
Look, compared to you lot, my insight into AA was minimal. I'm usually not around at those times when she's around.
In a nutshell? The oldguard are ratterling sabers
But even from what I've been around, reading some of her stuff and seeing her chat here, I did not have a good opinion.
Scootalloo: Thanks. I'm stuck in older english mode. Been writing my fic so much, it's hard to switch gears.
So, fault me for that if you will.
I haven't really looked at AA's stories.
AA's not a bad girl, she has her days just like all of us
so i'm not really one to talk about her writing.
You know what's the first step in not making me annoyed?
I like most of AA's work, the ones I don't like I've told her straight out
Finding a different excuse for atrocious formatting, other than "it's art!".
it seems that when 4 people do so, she gives up, KMCA.
Add to that some whining and victim card, and they'll add up into a less-than-nice opinion.
Luc, people don't understand your comment very well do they? xD
but it's not just the victim card.
yeah, I've noticed... Still I can talk smack about her stories behind her back because I've said it to her face. Guess what, I don't
And I don't CARE what she may have been like when I wasn't around. I can only speak from what I've seen, and that wasn't good.
So there's my opinion, take it for what you will.
it's the victim card, alternating with "I'm so awesome, you people are lucky to be able to bask in my glory!"
Idea: Take a deep breath, maybe go for a walk, then come back.
she's a girl, mood swings are to be expected
I could go for a walk right about now...
She's insecure. So it goes. She's 17, I have a jacket that's nearly as old as her
I bet she's watching the drama develop.
* Wilhelm_II roasts toast on the fire
Well, I'd love to stay, but I'd sort of like to separate myself from the drama here.
now, kmca, that's not the stance we should be taking, i think.
i think we should just be flat-out honest about this.
no I mean at all, let her discover everything for herslef
The stance we should be taking is holy fuck.
One a completely related note, 10 or more and the Jazz Jackrabbit 2 soundtrack is still fucking awesome.
Quick, everyone think of a pony to start talking about, just in case
Let her discover herself by not being a pompous asshat.
For deciding to show her what people were saying behind her back?
The stance we should be takin is crane stance
To prepare ourselves for sudden ninja attack
If people talk about someone I know behind their back, I feel obligated to show them.
Go write a meta story about it.
Carmine: ...so... found any good Pinkie art?
LOL the blog is getting pretty heated...
I'm okay with meta if it's subtle references.
i mean, it's just the author completely destroying the fourth wall. is that a problem?
I think Norse is still mad at me. Ah well.
I'm going to go and write somethinf productive today...
I need Norse to look over my newest paragraph.
Wait, was it CE who sent the log to AA?
And the day moved on, like it always should.
Ah. All I'm going to say is that... good on you, I suppose
for creating chaos and being righteous at the same time..
was there any good LotR RTS than Rise of the Witch King????
Is there a way to view the number of favourites a story currently has?
I did it trying to be helpful.
Well, if you think you did the right thing, then that's for the best.
eh, it was bound to happen eventually CE
All this will last about another day, at most.
device can go fuck himself for all I care
well, at least I won't be seeing AA fics anytime soon...
Anyone who uses 112 ellipsies in a 3k word long story should not open his mouth.
YOU ARE ALL SHITSTAINS I'M RIGHT YOU'RE WRONG LOL
Maybe I'm just not the target audience for what device had though.
I mean, there has to be someone who likes humanized Tyrantlestia/Twilight hatesex
whatever did Device do to get so much hate?
I don't really hate device, per se
I don't know him well enough to hate him
But I only know that single fic of his and I formed an opinion based around it
I can't give damn how good Somber's FoE fic might be, after reading "What's Eating Rainbow Dash"
I must agree with one comment in that blog though
Well, I'm hungry, so I must consume...
saying that if negative feedback puts her off like that, she's writing for the wrong reasons.
Who wrote that and why doesn't he/she have a medal already?
Ponygrad wrote: If you don't want to write because people don't like your stories when just as much or more people do like them, then you're writing for the wrong reasons, and may need a hiatus.
I hope ponygrad can take... *shades* ...the flames' heat
You abandoned me without giving me feedback!
See that comment? THAT is a great comment.
Also my friends on Kongregate are gender confused.
So I'm not going back there for awhile.
9 minutes and no comment on the blog! :D
*suddenly dh posts a 50k word rant aimed at me*
a while ago we're talking about rape and ponies
Here's a brief recap of why i don't like AA as a person. I quote: "Every good thing anyone has ever said about me has been 100% true, and those who dare say otherwise are sadly mistaken."
how is the rationgs of MLP on tv? sky high?
Which is why she pretends to love herself so much.
doesn't mean i have to like her for it, candle.
Punman, our job with Chrome is a success
RunePlate: Nice! will he keep it online?
what is it CandleEyes ? WHAT IS IT?!
why did you have to die before you could tell us?!
I think I got something in my throught
you may need to get that checked out, man
yeah seems like you're a bit ... horse :D
to those who report spam bots.... please state the bots name as well... thank you. hard to kill if we don't know who's doing it.
Hes an IRCop, probably was talking to xaq
since xaqs the only other ircop whos ever in here
its okay CandleEyes. They'll get him next time ... and then he will pay ...
"That IRC chat was just a whole bunch of haters. They're just jealous."
I've started writing a new story =|
CandleEyes_: of what are we jealous, just out of curiosity?
Chysonallite: it's my interpretation of Scootaloo's story from Scootaloo's point of view through a diary format.
And they took note of Sweetie Belle's missing horn
oh okay, I was really confused there
This is going to be amazing. xD
okay.  cool.  I hope it turns out well!
Chysonallite: it's up on deviantART if you want to get a sample of it so far
This is a brilliant tumblr so far.
I'm telling you, dont try to know what just happened
can I ask a very quick question
Chysonallite: and thank you for the kind words
tbh, I'd rather wait til it's finished.  I'm impatient when I read.  :P
FaustiusRune: okay, i don't ask ... seems way to complicated anyway ...
the last MLP ep was the S3 finale right?
If the sentence 'We are in the now' is a title, which part of that sentence is capitalized?
Chysonallite: I don't know if/when it will be outright "Finished"
well, then once there are a significant number of chapters then.  :P
I'm sort of confused with the title
I'm implying the stress of how it should be read toano
ah.  the simple joy of 14 cent ramen noodles from Wal-Mart.
Chysonallite: well 10 entries are done so far. They're short, so on here I've made them one chapter (about 2000 words)
And make my taste buds dance for joy
You cheer me up when I am sad
'are' is a verb, it would be capitalized
cammer I'm imagining you're snuggline the salami
are is an noun, you am dumb
Hottiebebe: im a hoe  Hottiebebe: jkjk  buggieboy: You're... a garden tool?  buggieboy: Am I in a Blueshift fic?
I'm proud of myself for this one.
You know what sounds dirtier than what it really is?
But not as dirty as what you think.
It just stopped sounding like a word
The dirt is not - DAMNIT LUC, STOP EATING THE GLUE.
can anyone tell me what town hoofington is based of?
huh, now that you say it ...
Do you not understand the concept of portals
I got to make a joke about you.
Hottiebebe: im a hoe  Hottiebebe: jkjk  buggieboy: You're... a garden tool?  buggieboy: Am I in a Blueshift fic?
Ps yay my fic is featured if you turn off the 'mature' filter :v
who the hell register with their whole name?
"You're like the Ralph Wiggum of real life"
Have you checked out my shit philosophy fic yet?
Or do I have to slap a filly. e_e
You may have to slap a filly
I feel like Norse hates me now
Need the link, Blue, or are you busy?
Eating dinner but throw it my way
I am not responsible for any eyes that are gouged out
there's a hole in the ground and I wanna be a worm
I should do a full bondage Pinkie drawing.
Cloudchaser looks like a colt... still... me gusta
">.> best advice available from me? ignore the haters. they're just butthurt."
i will fucking rip your head off
I'll rage like you if you don't pull that drawing good
I told you look on the tutorials dammit
you can't even draw Pinkie's vaggie to save your life
Oh, I have a couple drawings of that.
Anyway, I'll need to see what a full dom should look like.
is it s2 fnal or s2 finale?
it was the final episode of season 2.  or: it was the season 2 finale
everytime these idiots take screenshots from their camera and uploads it to internet, a puppy dies of cancer
99 comments on AA's blog, looks like it's slowed down
I'm so tempted to tumblr about it but it's best to let it die
and we'll fly to a magical land
Dun care, I be stocking the Boutique.
Join me in listening to Gwar songs about maggots aand decapitation
oh Pinkie... u so sexeh on alice's dress
maybe another pony though would wake me 3am anyway
I have a friend who acts just like Pinkie (minus the physics thing), and everytime someone brings up stuff like.... it kills me a little inside
that would make more sense if so
A fic. A fic where the writer not only uses a self-insert
I don't understand a single thing in that url, so no...
Right to the boutique this fucker goes.
Why must people be so goddamn human all the time?
i'm more of a numerical man myself, chysonallite
that's cool.  As you can probably tell, I'm a fan of the alphabet.
To each their own. But yeah, that song is catchy as heck
Someone asked what Pokemon she's most afraid of :3
Chysonallite : P3rh4p5 7h3r3 c4n b3 4 p34c3 b37w33n u5?
Wlah: still bombarded with stories to approve? XP
(AKA I can't think of anything witty to say)
Yep, it seems everyone decided to get up and write a story, myself included.
Yeah, I did one alreaey. But looks like it don't have a good start...
The start of a story is always the hardest part to write
No, I mean I got many grammar errors... english isn't my first language.
oh now I get the fegelein joke!
It used to air in English here and I started watching it when I was about 3-4. Somehow I pretty much absorbed the language.
so why is the vid se meta???
"Vid se meta" sounds like Romanian to me...
im not to familier with dome terms... :P
Some one deleted all the stuff on the FIMFICTION site!
im not familiers with some terms :P
Sorry, internet got disconnected for a bit
Hey, question:  How long before a story is approved?  I submitted one late last night and it's been nearly 12 hours since.
It's typically used to indicate a evel of abstraction. In literature it usually means some level of postmodern reflexiveness
I'm having to use the webchat today. I'm not at home.
Aragem:  Check the story itself. If it's been approved, it'll be in the queue. If not, the mods haven't got to it yet
Around here, for instance, metafics rrefer to stories thay are, on some level, about fiction or the writin process or environment itself
I just read white box: true colors.
Icecolt: i really don't like americans :3
 >Celestia also realized that as far as cartoon horses go, she is attractive. Celestia never realized this before.
One of my ice cream bars has MYSTERIOUSLY vanished from the freezer
we americans dont like you either carnelian
carmine, I feel terrible, i've never read any of your stories
CarnelianSolitaire: thats okay :) I'm not american xD
blueshift i ate it, i am actually in your basement
This is the worst day of my life
but don't worry, i left you a plate of cookies in the cupboard.
* CarnelianSolitaire turns into a pod pony
 > Forget to pick up Blue Tunic
give me an ice cream bar over cookies any day
* CarnelianSolitaire rolls around on the floor
* Draequine gobbles all the food and explodes
someone was a meanie pants and erased your work D:
when i heard chromosome was going to send true colors to oblivion...
BELAY THAT JIB JAB! THARS WORK TO BE DONE
so, Call of the Cutie has a bit of a canonical abnormality: in the very first episode of the series, the CMCs are clearly next to one another when Nightmare Moon first appears. They hug up to each other in fear. Yet Scootaloo introduces herself to both Sweetie Belle and Apple Bloom in  Call of the Cutie
i don't need people to like me.
Tails_155:  The CMC huddling in Episode 1 was just an easter egg
That's an old rumor that has long since been debunked, no?
One could also say they didn't know each other yet (or at least Bloom didn't know the other two yet) and were huddled there in fear by sheer coincidence, and split up in the confusion following
i regurarly get crash reports about flash.
hope they get off of it soon.
i've been trying to listen to a 3-minute video for the last 15 minutes now.
Scootalloo: dang, I'mma have to edit my story, then.
They have an HTML5 beta you can opt in to
you can tell it's about to freeze up again. The progress-bar thingy is stuck at 0:00.
refreshing page for the 100th fucking time -_-
the most widely accepted name for scootaloo's full name is Jillian Scooterson
for music that's supposed to calm me down, i'm pretty f*cking pissed right now.
but then again, only 20 people use that name including myself.
it's an inside joke w/ my roleplay group.
Why the flying fuck are people giving ponies "full names"
Gotta wait til 3:30 or so before I can board my plane for Munich
There is nothing I find more jarring than people giving ponies full names instead of comin up with proper pony names forntheir OCs
As cool as that is, Prince Solaris is best R63 Celly
Cyanide: Yeah. Flight from Atlanta to Munich, then I've got another 45 minute train ride to the hotel
Gonna be in Germany for five days, and France for two
Cyanide: MY OC HAS A PROPER NAME!
Nifty. I've never been across the Atlantic
Lithe: I plan on taking pics, you fuck
Pics or I assume D3 for the next week!
Vargras: well I hope you'll have jolly good time
Vargras: where in germany will you be?
And my ugly mug will likely be in  few of them
And by ugly, I mean 'the best thing ever'
We'll get to see how much Var lokks like Chordae
And my the best thing ever mug will likely be in a few of them?
IceColt: Bavaria, mostly. As I sid, I have to take a 45 minute train ride or so after landing in Munich
Cyanide: Well, I certainly don't have yellow eyes. Mine are hazel, however.
Carnelian is a brownish-red mineral which is commonly used as a semi-precious gemstone. Similar to carnelian is sard, which is generally harder and darker. (The difference is not rigidly defined, and the two names are often used interchangeably.) Both carnelian and sard are varieties of the silica mineral chalcedony colored by impurities of iron oxide. The color can vary greatly, ranging from pale orange to an intense almost-blac
Brown hair, though it has more of a reddish tint in the sunlight
Only downside is that my laptop battery really only lasts for 3 hours or so, so I won't be able to write the entire time I'm flying
I can still write for... a third, though
And I can do so during down-time once in Europe
"No happy endings" hasn't been approved yet
 >I KNOW IT'S A RED AND BLACK OC! DAMMIT PEOPLE, I MADE THIS CHARACTER FOREVER AGO. PLUS I MADE HIS COLORS THE SAME AS THE PHAZON SUIT. FUCKING CRITICS
and i haven't gotten notification it wasn't passed
Well, I'm not expecting DH to post a blog.
Just wait. Things take a while to get posted
Cause that's a bit of a crapshoot?
I don't think I ever actually had an OC before
Oh wait, I did have a guardspony named Buckler
Zay-el: I know that feel when I dont want to change anything to the first concept of your OC
[13:53] <Carmine> Well, I'm not expecting DH to post a blog. - What about?
Just to clarify, that red and black monstrosity wasn't mine XD
Bittee Almond is colored the same as the shirt I was wearing when I came up wih him. And in retrospect the broken horn was maybe a poor decidion
Let's just leave it at 'stuff', trsut me. XD
Zay-el: oh, okay ... I take everything back xD
you missed a fiasco this morning Vargras. Stuff is all we need to say. xD
I had no idea I registered Yipyapper
Indeed. Don't talk about it here anymore.
Apparently I missed some drama or something
I know what the drama is about, and I'm glad I missed it.
Oh, are we not allowed to talk about that?
You see, AA posted a blog about going on hiatus.
Carnelian Solitaire, Halsten Thorkelston, Scroll shelf, Pearouette, Orem Rivendorn, Rhandus DuThane...
Which may have lead to DH to saying... what was it, Candle?
the main reason for the shitstorm was not that
She deleted the old blog and posted a new one.
Well, knighty doesn't seem to think too highly of the userbase either
I'm going to oblige to Cya's request, and drop it.
have you seen the comments on Knightys blodpost?
But a lot more was said, Var.
I like... a grand total of 13 people in the entire userbase. xD
Am I one of them, Criticul? :o
most of you are on the meh list.
I don't really know you Billy, but ya seem cool :P
I like a fair number of you people.
Though, a lot of people are going to hate me soon...
you're on the list of people I like :D
Still, a bumbly underpowered ali isn't THAT bad
Bridge, doesn't matter. It HAS to be terrible, no matter how many limiting character traits there are.
Crit, am I on this list? :d
Damnit, now someone has to write a zoidberg alicorn. The internet demands it
2 of my editors have failed me today.
Carmine is on the list, solely because I feel he secretly wants to kill me
lol if i was, id be very creeped out
because I don't talk to you o.O
I looked at dh's latest blog post
I have no respect for people who overuse image macros
or just people who use image macros in the first place
I had a crazy awesome dream involving the doctor overnight
I have no respect for people who bring up topics that were already forbidden by an OP
I haven't really been paying attention to this for the past half hour or so.
TAW made a fic that is within EQD rules?!
Carmine: Contrary to popular belief, TAW does indeed write non-clop stories
I liked the Ninth. He was underrated.
she has a few like that, doesn't she?
Carmine: It's as shocking as Billy writing clop?
Ninth had a bit of an Irish lilt.
You're not getting out of this one now, Billy.
The only other person with access to it is Lithe
someday I'm gonna write a fic and you will ALL appear in it!
Gan: Ten actually is scottish. He just puts on a very convincing british accent
I refuse to beleive Billy wrote clop until White and Scroll are awkwardly fumbling at each other in the featured box
Lamia: we can strike a deal on that :D
It actually figures I couldn't bring myself to do with with Daisy/Colton or whatever. Could only do it with my own phenomenally messed-up OCs...
Interesting.  If you google "Twilight" you get vampires.  If you google "Twilight Sparkle" you get ponies.  If you google "Twilight Sparkle Scene" you get vampires again.
If you want details you can ask Lithe about it.
Wait did I miss Doctor Who discussion again? Dammit
I like Eleven a bit more than Ten.
I go through phases of liking each current Doctor the best :v
Then I realise that the first Doctor is the boss
if I see one more person who is following themselves
I like tenth the best, fourth is the one i think of when i think of the doctor
You have just gone down my cool list
I would murder stuff for a pony with Simon Templeman's voice.
i will be good enough for you one day
Or Tony Jay, if he were still alive.
I've been considering randomly tracking you guys down one by one and leaving postit notes everywhere you go
Cyanide most likely sleeps with an HMG beside him.
hey, does anyone know what happened to the story My second life on the site? Its missing
hey, does anyone know what happened to the story My second life on the site? Its missing
My Second Life was a pile of shit.
Maybe he realized how terrible it was?
Peter Davison is David Tennant's father in law
Oh hey, another person asking what happened to MSL
Blue: Oh! They finally got married? I never heard about the wedding :(
MSL WAS BES FIC I CRY BCOZ GONE ;-; ;-; ;-;
Where can I get one of these?
 >Well, my lab name is Equestrian 467. I was created by splicing Equestrian DNA with a practically indestructible alloy.
How the fuck does that even work?
Var: you should put whisky in that
Billy:  My Second Life has been gone for several days
Kinda ashamed I never got past chapter whatsit
I just wanted to know what happened to it
I don't think Coal Buck has popped around to go "OH GOD I GOT HACKED" sooo I think he blanked his own account out of shame
Scy? Is it cool to have a fic that's similar to several academic/scientific database entries? Not like owners manual stuff, but more like ponified SCPs?
Attempts to combine non-organic materials with organic materials never end too well
Typically it's either rejected by the body, or other things go screwy with it
Gancolt:  It needs to be considered an actual story, like a work of fiction. If that sort of database-like thing was PART of the story, then it wouldn't matter much
Thanks for at least listening to my question, Scy. You're still best dragon/Pokemon Trainer.
but there needs to be an actual story
Apparently, this OC is literally created by fusing DNA with...adamantium or whatever shit.
Pokemon Trainer? I'm an actual Pokemon >:B
Things get encysted or you take anti-rejection drugs for the rest of your life or or or...
urge to point out it's a logical impossibility and fuck you rising
I'm not an otherkin, faggot~ I just mean my murrsona
I have that same urge, oddly enough.
* Gancolt throws his only Master Ball at Scy.
It's already queued up in the Boutique though.
.... Fucking 0.00001% chance of failure! D:
this comment about how I'D NEVER HAVE POSTED IF IT WASN'T FOR LOVE AND TOLERANCE YOU'RE SO MEAN ;_;
scy needs shades, cause he's too cool to be caught
and it finishes off with that Fluttershy emote I hate
Scy, if you could use your online stuff for Pokemon, I'd trade with you. HARD.
CE, I have no idea what you're talking about
there are comments that just make me want to burn people
You guys use pokeballs to CATCH Pokemon?
I thought you used pokeballs to kill them.
...No wonder all the other trainers had more than 1 pokemon
[11:17] Arcanine: i just wrote an epic trailer piece
hnnng I wish I could hear it
Clockwork should be putting it on Youtube... sometime
I went into the airport lounge this morning while waiting on my flight from Cincinnati to Atlanta
And in one of the baskets, beside the bagels
you're going to call me crazy but..
I told my girlfriend this, and she literally smeared a capfull of the stuff on my face. xD
BillyColt: True Colors got on wtfponyfanfiction before the night was over
brb restarting FF because I don't have AdBlock on this computer somehow
>>using an emulator to play pokemon, haven't closed in 2 days, time is up to 63 hours, highest level pokemon is a 16.
I remember playing Red and running through grass for hours on end, trying to get a pikachu
 >my name is Ditzy Doo Hooves but everypony cals me Derpy. when i wus a filly my momy sed that it is a bad thing they call me Derpy and that they wer trying to hert me but it doesnt hert and i think it sownds silly.
How the buck do I have more followers than you?
I never got a pikachu. It broke my young little heart xD
Ooh yay he gave me his epic trailer music
Wasn't Pikachu only avaliable in Viridian forrest?
And then I was like "Oatmeal? Are you crazy?"
I have a hojillion followers on TMC and people still track my goofy oneshits but no followers
Not getting a whole lot out of TOR. I think I liked World of Warcraft better.
blocked all pony emoticons except the heart
>hasn't been featured on fimfiction since Hiatus
Clearly, I need to write a meta fic
About a pony who feels the need to write a meta fic in order to be noticed
I need to write another paragraph of my terrible philosophy fic.
I can be extra mind-blowing that way
Compare a limited universe to a pony first entering Ponyville is strange.
what happened to my second life? Anyone?
im going to write a metafic about people being so desprate for any sort of validation that they chase after a feature box
And I get to run on with this idea for another paragraph.
I told somebody to write a fic about Twilight writing about how Humans write meta about Ponies.
Why were so many people following that shit?
Goddamnit, I can't change the channel topic with the web embed
Otherwise I'd just throw it up there
But even then, people would still ask about it
Yeah, people would just ignore it, Var
Coal Buck deleted his shit and committed seppuku
I need to make a dupe account and start on that "clopfic that insults the audience" story
Because he realized that he wrote MSL
If I realized I wrote that pile of shit.
Though, I will at least say, SwagginDash had a pretty awesome hostmask
My mask is better. But yeah, paul bunyan? What the shit
I'm going to comment on every single fic and blog you post.
soul silver crashes so hard on the emulators
Who reads terrible HiEs when he's not harvesting whole forests
I just realized the topic has that thing about color codes, pointlessly.
And then I went "Oh wait, +c"
And then I couldn't be arsed to take it out
best gif in the history of gifs
It seems like it might be Ren & Stimpy but the animation doesn't seem dated enough
oh shit, I just saw that gif xD
That gif, oh god I'm laughing so hard.
Holy fuck, what is that show ScyStorm?
Oh god, the rainbows, everywhere. . .
My sister is looking at me like I'm a madman.
That gif is funnier than the ostrich skiing.
Oh nice, Amy Poehler made the show
I had low tolerance for the main character though... :T
Hm. I can't find the girl in the gif in the cast. Stupid internet.
I find it hilarious that some authors keep finding their way back to the Boutique.
It's like they're born to be featured there.
Looks like White Box: True colors is staying up for a lot longer than intended.
Also, hi Vargras, how'd the flight go?
Haha it would be interesting to see if he goes through with it
Now that it's featured, when he takes it down people will want more.
I'm in Atlanta on layover right now, Skull025
They'll hound after him, and he'll gain publicity and attention.
I'll be leaving in about an hour to board the plane to Munich
Heh, Vargras, did you see the gif?
Don't really feel comfortable clicking links and stuff while I'm at an airport :P
Gonna go ahead and hop off, need to take care of some things before I board
 >"Yeah...about that. I'm kindof invincible. I was created with Equestrian DNA AND the most indestructible alloy in the known galaxy." I said.
Carmine is about to go fangi- called it
I'd say more but... yeah. Time restraints.
that is all you have to say to make my day
since we're flattering him -- Romance Reports was the fic that got me on this site xD
I hadn't looked at fimfiction at all until people bugged me to post it here
Norse is gonna flip out so badly.
whoops I clicked the chat button again
As my editor, he constantly refers me to your fics.
How Do Ponies Work likes my vignette
you made me read TwiDash, you jerk.
If I ever get around to making my videogame, I need all y'all to playtest the poor sod
I can get behind quite a few conflicting ones
TwiDash isn't a big one for me or anything, but I'm not against it
Carmine help I need to know everything about Norse
 >helo my name is Dinky Hooves. my most faverit pony is my momy becus she luvs me and I dont hav a dady so she luvs me enuff for both. She maks me muffins and teeched me to maek them and do postig and maek a sweter.
I don't want to lose my bro :c
"There are people who hate every good author, simple fact, I mean look at Coal Buck" xD
i just realised i've been drinking from a 1,5 litre bottle of coke.... with my pinkie raised.
Please tell me someone d- oh fuck.
Good and Coal Buck don't deserve to be in the same sentence.
well, you could interpret that as Coal hating every good author
'Coal Buck is good at writing giant steaming piles of shit'
* SleeplessBrony slaps Scy[AFK] around a bit with a large fishbot
i didnt know what that would do
I hope you drop by a lot more.
Am I the only one not fangirling right now?
When we're not raging at shitfics, or talking about which pony has the best vag.
* Draequine punts a giant spider towards CandleEyes
Also, what Carmine says. We're mostly a bunch of good people.
I really only know you for writing a bunch of allegedly fantastic clopfics I haven't read. But I've heard you write it from a quasi-female perspective.
hey Drae, I'm severely afraid of spiders... not cool.
I'm sure you guys are all good people
what do you mean, you hate spiders?
I hate them so much they're going to traumatize my OC so I have an excuse for my OC to kill spiders.
apparently it focuses on the female perspective ._.
I give respect to those that deserve it.
i hope you wake up to that on your face. ._.
SleeplessBrony, we're a good group, just a little crazy. And respectful. And disrespectful.
Oh sweet Celestia it's staring into my soul
Oh, look, an IRC. I feel stupid for not noticing it way earlier. Hi guys!
Carmine: Yay . thats more than I expected. :D
you're not allowed to join at this point :B
here's a picture of a spider that's just killed a bird.
my #1 rule for the internet: Never expose your fears.
i just realised the irony in that, billy.
My #2 rule for the internet: Make fun of spiders.
I'm not gonna pretend I actually know anything about the female perspective
So,  I have to go in like 5 minutes.
you could take that thing for a walk. on a leash.
So I'm going to attempt to write a philosophy paragraph.
I like looking at it, I like seeing it and admiring it.
But keep it the fuck away from me.
...I want a second-person F/M fic so bad
but then CARMINE FUCKING DISTRACTED HIM WITH HIS SHITTY SCOOTALOO IDEA >:|
freaking they carry sidearms to shoot camel spiders
Brazillian wandering spider: Aside from causing intense pain, the venom of the spider can also cause priapism in humans. Erections resulting from the bite are uncomfortable, can last for many hours and can lead to impotence.
I also need to check out unfortunately
it's a spider bite that causes boners. painful ones.
Okay SleeplessBrony. Come by again. You seem cool.
Carmine, you're awesome. Have I told you that?
It is nice to meet nice authors.
who wants to hear about flying (technically jumping) spiders? lolol.
Only ponies I'm being shipped with are Pinkie or Scootaloo.
i have told you the story of the deadly scooter?
Sir_Leadhead, there are three things wrong with that.
don't think i'm off to a flying start with criticul, but meh.
he's on the list of people I don't like now.
"[20:04] <Carmine> Only ponies I'm being shipped with are Pinkie or Scootaloo." You got shipped with Scootaloo?
. . . I hate it when ponies don't say goodbye.
I'll have a skeleton in my closet
Would you like your hat today sir?
What if... Carmine is really Pinkie's OC?
LR's writing my OC into a clopfic.
Got a sentence to run past you.
That is not cute. It is an abomination.
What if... all the great writers, are really Pinkie?
Scootalloo, please, for the love of ponies, stop.
and more OMG IT'S GONNA EAT ME
Can I run a sentence past you?
I recommend query if you want me to read it easily.
Wilhelm, that is the CUTEST thing ever!
Special Attack:  Engulf - deals 20 damage per turn
you can tell because of the blob
First you kill Pinkie, then stuff her and then you have a lifelike pony toy
and i've seen many a blob in my time
those are spider webs. on a field.
Sir_Leadhead: And we are trying to kill it
Remind me to apologize to Criticul with another cute spider picture.
or, as heavy would say: IS NOT POSSIBLE!
I don't think a bad season will affect bronies that much
error. cannot read wilelm's string of rediculousness. please re-input
they could make absolute shit but we'd still love it
you should've pinged carmine for that, wilhelm.
Wilhelm, taht is blatant Not Safe For Woona
a crappy season might even help brony motivation to make better fandom content
anybody else really dislike spiders? i got another good one.
Thank god for that Wilhelm, she was getting on my nerves.
Scootalloo, if you continue to post spiders, I'll. . . I'll. . .
look, it even has 'cute' in the link!
if they don't kill you before you get to take a good look.
um, is anyone here a friend of luckybreak?
that last picture is frikin cute, for a spider.
Sir_Leadhead: If so, you are going to be picked up by Luna in 100 seconds
Aight. Well he ain't on right now.
Feel free to jump in and chat if you like Page.
hes on his way home, so i thought i would pop in and show everyone a drawing he left, he doesnt know i added it to his deviant art account yet
So you're an Arsehole who likes apples?
dont tell him i did it yet
Sir_Leadhead: So you're an Arsehole who likes apples?
Scootalloo, I really want to be mad at you, I do. But honestly, that's pretty cool.
Well, lets see if you find any Apples ON THE SSSSSSSSSSSUUUUUUUUUUUUUUNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
if we didn't already have a cat i'd get a spider as a pet.
Scratch my previous statement Scootalloo, I'm going to find your house and kill you while you sleep.
wow, no wonder rob likes this chat
* Wilhelm_II watches as Luna throws Sir_Leadhead into the sun
well now I got a nice tan
Skull, wanna see a picture of a wolf spider carrying its newborn babies?
* Wilhelm_II puts Scootalloo on the list
spiders are far from the worst thing nature has to offer. they're mostly harmless.
Scootalloo: You know what the list is?
the list is people he ships with rainbow dash
well i have to go, bye everypony
but, seeing as i'm already on the list.
Never make a threat that you can back up with a song
imma go find that picture of the wolf spider with its kids.
well, I must depart. Nice meeting you all
i think you might enjoy this video
Wil I heard you like fondling ddf
It's from History of the world part 1
May you die and go to spider hell for the scarring thou hast wrought upon my spirit this day.
Skull025: I read that in Appleblooms vioce
Scootalloo, stop it. I'll never sleep again!
there's only a few that really interest me.
Sleepless y u no stay in chat
the brown recluse spider's one of those, but depending on where you live, you just might not sleep, for real.
i just join chat, and thats the first thing i hear?
well....people are saying teh bad werds, so imma play TF2!
He came in like 3 minutes after I left
Not any that will be discussed here.
Nothing is working, SEND IN THE NUNS
remind me to NEVER set a pc up for a girl again, it just needs setting up..it was in several boxes without even the freakin os installed
Wilhelm, I have no idea what to think of this at all
Hello LuckyBreak, your girlfriend was on earlier.
because I've watched alost all of thse
and Mr. Blue? You have a very dadist mind
....ok what did she do to troll me
Posted a sketch you left at her house on deviantart I believe.
skull, you realise that i'm going to remember any interesting spiders i come across from now on, right?
wait... what sketch? oh hell brb gotta check
how do you spell Everfree Forest? Is that correct?
oh god  i forgot i did that one whie windows was installing..
for the love of, she scanned it side on too
I like that name better, so you are now Skullduggery, skullduggery pleaseant
ddf, why do you call me skullduggery?
can someone type my full name real quick?
and you remind me of him, so there
I remind you of another person who goes by the name of SkullDuggery?
it's doubtful, but tell me if AA comes to the chat
I cannot believe no one's read Skullduggery pleasent
heh, too bad i dont have the talent to color that sketch, needs cleaning up a little too
Oh yes you do LuckyBreak. It's a good sketch.
on that note MAN I could go for a good Artemis fowl story
meh, sunny and lamia have talent, thats just me screwing about waiting for windows 7 to install
Opal Deception is pretty good. I myself prefer the first and third one.
oh, the Funnel Web Spider hunts at night.
...Opal Deception was the third one..wasn't it?
I only read the first two, though I liked the series.
I also enjoyed the Arctic incident. But my favorite scene of all time was in the first book.
I liked the one with the demons and Artemis get's transported 2 years into the future. What was it called again?
I liked the first book, but I really couldn't connect with Artemis's personality
My favorite scene in the first book was with Butler killing that troll
and still waiting for the jury to decide the verdict on my Pinkiefic
Obsel, if you're writing, you might want to get off the chat
I'm hoping it ends up favorably, but I'm not very confident
sorry dude, had to cheer myself up after the GF trolling
LuckyBreak, her posting that made you sad?
she does stuff like that to me all the time
Scoots, you have a very webby mind today
Is this just what's going to happen everytime I come to chat with you guys?
Don't understand how people can hate them so much.
Wil, we started talking about Artemis Fowl, then strange stuff began happening
It's called Time, and it's a  bitch
Internet minute is faster than real minutes.
A microwave minute is much, much slower.
Invictus, hello. Welcome to the land of crazy.
Dominated by your hosts, DDF, Skull, And Wilhelm
okay, i can see why people would be scared of this one. the 'mouse spider'
Question: How does my bandwidth usage go from 72.6% of max to 74% in 2 hours and no one has even been on the internet?
Oh Skull, you're just in denial :3
but the females are bigger than the males, as usual.
I blink, and time passes really quickly
if windows, automatic downloading of updates can happen
that is the scariest fucking thing I have ever seen in my entire life :3
if any steam clients open, might have downloaded updates there
datdamnface: Worse than Pinkie and Discord fucking in your brain?
It the skin got burned away and there was a gaping hole you could see my bone through
Automatic updates is turned off. The only thing that updates is Avast! and it only updates twice a day
oh, and I'm guessing it was paralytic because I couldn't move at all
datdamnface, that sounds an awful lot liek the brown recluse spider.
I think scoot's guess was spot on Brown REcluse
"[20:55] <datdamnface> Wilhelm, I have no idea what to think of this at all" The funny thing is, I've seen worse ships in this fandom
a spider bite that's been known to kill fullgrown adults in 15 minutes.
datdamnface: Did that really happen or did you see it happen?
I had to be rushed to the hospital
scy they've been posting spiders for like the last hour.
verizon is not australia, as far as I know
Jokes on you, I've seen worse on Ponibooru
Wilhelm is the corgi dweller of Poniborru :l
LuckyBreak, please tell me it doesn't exist.
at least i'm leading the conversation away from all the shit that's been going on.
Skull025: Don't you mean, does it live in England?
thats a black widow skull, sleep well
and that thing in the background, that's an egg sac.
wilhelm, did you not see the picture of that spider that just killed a chicken?
I think my internet provider is dicking me around. They're saying I've used 7.4gb in 9 days. All I've done is come here and write in gDocs.
Your internet provider is definitely giving you the shaft DJ
datdamnface: 4 book cases in upstairs, 2 here
I hate spiders, but the pics don't freak me out
See, that's scary because it's on a skull :3
I see a bug, I kill it.
best pic is still the drum playing one :D
Damn, translated Mariponi is missing page 6  :|
most tarantulas are harmless by the way, skull.
datdamnface: Write a Meta fic about that taste
The only spider I hate, is the wolf spider
My friend had one as big as a fist
someone write a fic where pinkie gets a pet spider and link it to skull
Wolf spiders are everywhere around my house D:
and when I mean fist, I mean a male's fist
I still stand by using a booy
I still think the best animal is the bat
and they're actually one of the most docile creatures on the planet
I know Sweetie Belle and Apple Bloom calle Cheerilee "Miss Cheerilee" does Scootaloo call her that, too
it sure is, spider. it sure is.
That feeling when you get tricked by a rabbit
I despise, hate and find bugs revolting
Yeah, bugs are not for me either.
I have one word for you: CICADAS
we had a massive infestation a couple of years back
datdamnface: Stop using fancy words to muddy the issue
they're an insect dude, and infestation just means theere were many of em
I refuse to go into the crawl space under my house, because as soon as you open the door, you see at least 3 webs with giant wolf spiders on them >.<
Yeah you'd think he'd be Captain America
sometimes i wish there were a bigger spider than the Goliath birdeater
I'm glad there is nothing bigger than that.
Scootaloo, I for one, do not accept our new spider overlords
you can really see the hooks on the ends of his legs.
I see you spider and raise you a can and a match
:3, see, this was why the nuke was invented
but WHY do people hate spiders so much?
Hey spider, guess what time it is
* Wilhelm_II hits spider with a Hammer
need to learn the meaning of ferrets
Ferrets are pretty much the best thing
I had a friend that had one
did you see the mouse spider, scy?
I don't trust any animal that eats meat
My sister has had some ferrets, and so have a few friends of mine
Mainly due to the fact, that I am made of meat
guess how much damage it could do?
I'll give you a hint: IT BURNED DOWN THE HOUSE
datdamnface: Cats are okay, dogs... as long as they don't try anything
L_R:  They can if you let it get out of control, sure
datdamnface: And that is how you became the ferret king
I'm so happy someone here introduced me to khaosKomix
this is why I'm happy I only own a dog
Ferrets are like little worldwinds of hell
How do they get such hi res pics?
ferrets and racoons, they will destroy everything if you have one as a pet
they've been doing this for like... an hour and a half liquid
unless you actually manage to train them not to, which is hard
because it's not just trolling. I'm geniunely fascinated by spiders.
you can be fascinated with spiders by yourself. ._.
There is no word for hate that describes my utter resenments of racoons and their existance.
Ferrets are nice, but they are explorative
Resubmitted my new fic for approval <.<
they tried to steal my tp when I was on a kayaking tri
I remember going into a pet shop that had a plastic tank with baby ferrets in it
PonyManne215: Honey badger don't give a shit.
and they'd all be like   OMG PERSON  and swarm toward you
* LuckyBreak ponders what a GOOD artist could do with that bad sketch
Damn it, I'll brain swap datdamnface and Discord if it kills me
A badgers badgers badgers badgers badgers badgers badgers badgers badgers badgers badgers, mushroom mushroom!
I'd hold that in the palm of my hand
I still like the blue one though
its a starshot sketch i did while building my GF pc for her, shes hacked my dev art and uploaded it :/
the blue one was... the fringed ornamental tarantula, scy.
its a 30 charictor one..i dunno how she guesses em
I just saw AA's new blog post. I am 12 and what is this?
I love it when my support goes well
Basset hounds are made of droop and amazing noses
I just got sent a link to the entire convo in reference, I am reading it now
scy noses <-- see what i did there
Garion, don't bring it up here, please
hey, im printing the pic out and using colored pencils to see how bad i can make it lol
OR do i need to find more spiders?
RunePlate: Now, now you take a nap
sounds like someones got a case of the tuedays
rainbow's terrified of spiders and Fluttershy tries to teach her that they're not scary at all.
I was just looking up how dead the WAC is gonna be in a year. I lol'd
that's a.... *shades* tasty treat to choke me while asleep
Texas state and the bagel dance. wut. xD
what is this sport you speak of?
hey anyone seen the flutterman vid yet?
I've been to three dif. college. I'm so hardcore.
na its a funnyass vid with fluttershy pics
My college is jumping off the sinking WAC ship starting this year
Oh Fluttershy you, Full grown dragons make me want to run But I can still crack a spine
and I thought duck hunt is man's worst nightmare
Does it require sound of some kind?
DALKES: lesser known cousins of the Daleks
wil, im used to you linking random weird stuff but wth? thats so crazy lol
The Daleks don't liking talking about them very much.
skull! just in time, we got loadsa spider pics
i've showed them to him already, lucky.
Someone tried to ship a spider once.
and now he's inspired (inspidered, lolol) to write me a story.
me to write. dunno what happened there.
* LuckyBreak puts that pun out of its misery
think of a name for the story.
Fluttershy takes care of a spider, everypony in ponyville freaks the fuck out.
A Spider in need is a spider indeed
I've got 99 problems and Spiders aren't one
I've got 99 cookies cause a spider ate one.
A spider in need is a spider indeed
* LuckyBreak pulls out a gatling twilight
There aren't any fics baout actual shipping.
i was only going to shoot off three of his legs, im sure they will grow back
gonna cook some rice and boil water
if you take out an external part of a changeling body
does it mean it stays on three legs?
imagine, Lucky amputated Wil with two legs
* Wilhelm_II hits ENP just to be safe
what happened to the featured and suggested vids on YT
if one day you become molestia or celestyrant for a day, what would you do?
Cool. Pleased to meet a fellow game designer.
this is one war I'm gonna fight
Made out of jam and sugar crystals.
i will admit to ponies but i draw the line at carebears
Names aren't something i'm very good at.
who thought D£ was kind of east to beat?
So hows it been going everyone have not been on this IRC in a while
soundslikeponies, you got some guy on my back
Neither can I, that's my only problem.
the rest of the story is pretty much already written. it's all in my head.
You explained the situation on AA's blog and now
THE MODS SHOULD HAVE A WORD WITH CANDLE >:(
And I suggest calling the story 7 Legs or A spider in need is A spider indeed
pinkies webcast would make it a funny troll story
candle, you are charged with being evil.
imma just call it "A spider in need...."
the 8th leg is an undeveloped leg
I wish I could charge my requesters with evil
also, i'm going to have twilight wear Rodrick as a hat.
Bleh, I had device heretic insult mr
I'm co-writing a psycho pinkie fic with Cheese
who's my evil pony... *brushes Candles* you are...!!!
Rodrick sposors Axe, makers of the best under under under under under under under under leg deodourant
I used to wonder what viallainy could be
my evil pony... I wish evil can you be
Until you all shared a death ray with me!
*I wish what evil can you be
soundslikeponies, I'm trying to copypasta it, but my phone's a bitch
And a death ray makes it all complete YEAH!
Cause you know you're all my best Henchmeeeeen!
BlindShift: You gotta stop doing this stuff man.
Next thing you know, Lauren Faust is actually a pony
why are people doing this to me
my evil pony, i used to wonder what pain could be, until you started torturing me. sharp spikes, tons of prongs, i hope i dont bleed out before long, sharing a scream as you smash my teeth, and decapitation makes it all complete
That's My Demented Pony: Decapitation is Magic
wait, CandlePhone, hold the phone (no pun intended) what did you do in the previous blog post?
F is for FIRE that burns down the while town
Tried to defend you guys. Or dodge device heretic's idiocy.
let's get out of this place and immigrate to america
my next crazy idea im doing to troll a freind, Pony OC deathbattles!
At least, she's said she won't and I know if I were her I wouldn't.
I was hoping AA would want to come on chat and maybe change or discuss, not mope and leave
* RunePlate smacks the butt of #fimfiction
first fight is Starshot vs Red Dawn.
* Skull025 noms the butt of #fimfiction
and professor piggy leaves to inform the boss...
the kind of warcrimes where Applebloom shuts her mouth and does what she's told
he sort of made himself look bad
Yeah, but it's my fault for sharing it, apparently.
hmm its been a while since sunny saw my sketch, poor girl must be traumatised lol
he should have objected to you sharing it then, but he didn't
it's not like you hid the fact you were going to
Everyone blamed it on the person who sent the log
AA's still ignoring me, so I'm just going to give up on trying to help her unless she contacts me or something
CandlePhone: What if good in real life, is somehow evil on the internet
I dunno. I don't like people in real life.
the cello is such a sexy instrument.
The moral of this? Helping people makes things worse
I didn't like the fact that people were talking about AA behind her back.
I've told her those things to her face, for the record
I think this just might be the fastest i've ever written.
So I showed her. But everyone was okay with me doing it, so-!
Baby it's cold outside and I got nobody to looove!
I think they were just using her as an example
Skull, go look at the last few lines.
I have 5k words on my new story done so far :3 (3000 submitted to FiMFics so far)
* Wilhelm_II gives Scootalloo a tiny pony
* Wilhelm_II takes pony from Scootalloo and gives it to Skull025
I've written 700 words to a story i came up with barely half an hour ago.
* LuckyBreak throws out an epic guitar solo
As a plushie or toy, i'd want woona.
Criticul, you've heard of metal and D&B?
i will now atempt the impossible, to find a way to make a duran duran song sound good
anyone wanna take a glance at the story I have written so far?
bass and is in wub wub or bass as in the instrument
I like the in flames part more, tails.
but i can respect people who like pendulum.
i'm no fan of drum and base.
i like Self v self because of In Flames, not because of pendulum.
my mom actually came to bitch at me the other day.
said my music, melodic death metal, didn't have enough of a melody to it.
every once in a while I like a song with screaming, but it's not my favorite genre by any means
it's a way for me to vent my anger.
I'm not a fan of the new-age screaming.It's so... bleh.
it's why i love in flames so much.
they have screaming, but still a melody.
please tell me somebody else in here likes spiders.
I might actually have finished the story by tomorrow, skull.
it's not going to be very long.
Skull025: I'm sorry, we only have : RD, AJ, PP and Rarity
anyone wanna take a glance at the story I have written so far?
One time when I was 3, I found a spider on the ground and gently pet it because it was fuzzy.  Fear.
* Lamia loads up dungeon fighter instead
What if... ponies are only mice sized?
I'm totally gonna have Discord scale the side of Canterlot castle like a mountain climber in my story
I have the strangest urge to play harvest moon on a gba emulator...
Fear me! For I am the almighty house carl!
and prove that I am an author after all
time to start breaking some skulls in
nah i'm just kidding, I just wanted to pop in inad pop out
You find a tiny queen Chrysalis in your house WHAT DO YOU DO?
Scy I wish I never saw that
BlindShift: What did  Chrysalis ever do to you?
I will keep her, put in a little cage and feed her cheese
I talk to tiny Chrysalis and get her to change into Twilight Sparkle.
* Wilhelm_II cleans out old hamster cage
Chrysalis is also more powerful than CELESTIA
Watch out for the floating hamster cage
Neostar813: No, she goes in the cage, and gets cheese
Chrysalis in a cage in Wilhelms Room
Oh god, I don't think I could.
Skull025: Meta the fuck out of it
* Wilhelm_II gives Fuliam a tiny Fluttershy
I've been on the internet for 13 years and I have no idea what meta means.
What's that song about the guy thanking his friends for showing him the song?
* Fuliam grabs a shotgun and shoots the small fluttershy through her eye.
Would you kill a tiny fluttershy for 1 billion pounds?
Well that's ok, join the club wilhelm_II
Besides I don't like Fluttershy that much.
I could never kill a small Scootaloo.
I must eat a pony. . .
* Wilhelm_II attempts a putsch in the club
* Skull025 looks at pinkie pie in hand
Everyone see's Skull025 munching on what appears to be a small amount of pink cotton candy.
* Wilhelm_II write Mein Poni while in prision
* Wilhelm_II gets let out and sets up the Pony party
Ya there are really people in my school who call themselvese.c the resistan
You know who is to blame for the fandoms problems? The resistance
They seek to destory us, we must vipe them from zhe earth
And that children is how pony Hitler came to be
how many words for a one-shot to be allowed on EqD?
other than thinking Pinkie can take over Equestria with ease
also, she can be a dragon slayer for all we know
this is just a story to take my mind off of my main story, and something that, for some reason, is going remarkably well.
Does anyone know what happened to the Coal Buck story 'My Second Life'? It just disappeared.
A FIMfic disappearing? You probably have "View mature" unchecked.
He's trying to get it back I think
this story almost comes naturally to me, for some reason.
I heard that it got hacked and deleted
The story is deleted. It's been that way for a while. If he got hacked, I figure he would have said something by now and the story would be back.
Oh. Huh. Alright, sorry techogre, no dice.
somebody find me a good picture of a scared rainbow dash.
just by you and the other's idea about
If it got deleted on accident, he can just get the story back from Google Cache.
They said something on the Something Epic page. It was hacked.
If his account was compromised then the mods can restore the story. If he deleted it himself, then don't expect to see it back. ;P
anyone wanna read the first 20 segments of Scootaloo's Diary? (New fic I'm writing. Up on deviantART, not accepted here, yet.)
you know that pinkemena picture where RD's reflected on Pinkie's eyes?
i can't edit pictures for shit. seriously.
It'll be a sad day if that story comes back. But whatever
I'm kind of rushing, but not really.
give me time like 3 hours or so
the story is just going fast. i'm making no effort to be done 'in 10 minutes'
I'm not very fond of scoots as a pony.
i just picked the name because it was still free in-game.
and, seeing as i'm really, really bad with names, i went with the same one on here.
haven't seen much of scootalloo yet. but I find her pretty hilarious ^__^
correct spelling is a single l anyways
Someone's watching a TV show with music that uses blips that sound identical to the chat pings D:
Scootaloo, in my mind, is a relatively tragic character so far.
exewon, this text is red because I typed your name.
dunno why, that just popped into my head.
Whooves: Only if you're using main chat. Mines set to not ping on mirc
True. Most of us are here via FIMFiction.net, so we're using web clients. Bridgebrain is using mIRC, a different client.
Don't you have to register to use mIRC?
for more than 30 days, I mean.
yep im back, diablo servers are too laggy to play atm :/
;/  How did I get 65 followers? So much work to please them now
'am gonna go practice some UMvC3. See ya'll later.
i put out a notice that you give muffins to followers
I don't think you are following me anyway
...I just got back from an internship, where
hey where'd that second dislike come from
about blocking access to IRC channels, and it seems most chat clients including Skype....
exewon: -shifty eyes- well? what do ya think so far? 0.o
Mah tummy is full of bleh. Why must my tummy be full of bleh>
pretty dark now though.. I can tell that tails
exewon: it doesn't stay that way, thought it will be, off and on
that picture scared the everliving crap outa me O_o
Somehow I imagine myself eating that spider
RP|Cooking: That's okay, I didn't want to sleep tonight, anyway.
2400 words and i still have to write the letter to Celestia.
Vinyl Scratch is the 7th Element of Harmoy: Dubstep
I need to figure out if my writing is any good
because my 65 followers are scaring me
you gonna put it on a dart board?
anyone want to read a story of mine?
I guess I'll leave a link here then
whats it with dark fics on this site :P
i feel like it will get downvoted to oblivion now
Just have a pony skin himself alive and bam! story get.
that's such a bad way to write
thats just trying to gross out your readers.. like what cupcakes tried
The maggots wriggling everywhere were pretty cool though
I haven't started on my diet lol
I do not want to hear about that disgusting immage nul
I won't talk about my request box then
Being a warehouse manager is a good job
exewon: I'mma go eat, if you finish the read and I don't respnd, that's why D:
maybe I'm not being thorough enough, or am using the wrong port?
I guess he's still reading then or something
I didn't say it was a good way to write.
Decided to get on IRC for inspiration while writing.
* LuckyBreak worships the god of fimfic
some parts i had no idea what was going on but other than that it was pretty good
not my cup of tea per say, it was a bit too dark for my tastes but looking at it from an unbias view it was thought provoking
Anyone know what sort of costume a theme like "Night at the Savoy" would call for?
Savoy? Pass, no idea what that even is.
AA always makes me think Alchoholics Anonymous
question, anybody knows some very good stories here on FiM with spike?
It was like a nightclub in Harlem that was most prominent between 1920-1950
It's our theme for the school cabaret this year
I need a costume, it's in like two weeks
hmm. let me ask our good friend professor google AA
they want a clopfic with ponified AA and DH
I will go cry in a corner now
Did...you just say a clopfic with me and DH?
they also want a fic where Granny Smith is a rapist
I'm young enough to be his daughter, you know
@Exewon: I was gonna self plug until you meantioned spike.
I can't say it's more creepy than usual AA
and I'm freaking out at this awesome cover
I'm probably not going to write it
my parents are nearly 10 years apart
that may or may not be after my life right now
:P well any good stories are also appreciated, but Spike is my favorite char of MlP :P to bad not many fics with him in it on the site yet
The tamest thing I have in my inbox of requests is owl x philo
If you want an awesome Spike story, look for 'It takes a Village'
I don't know why I have them anyway
They don't favorite my stories or anything
already read that one silent. but thats the only one I have
The most likes I have is 22
anyone know if sunny is gonna do a stream tonight?
I guess I will add AA and DH to my list of people that my kill me
No, it's okay, I won't kill you
darn :) well I'll justk eep looking
I don't know why he's following me
Did you search by his character tag?
Honestly, I don't think I care about DH, even if he's after me anyway
Why would DH be after you anyway?
I might even be able to sneak it past a mod
null_ Well, I don't even read his fics, nothing to get hung about
I would have liked for them to critique my stories
I have no idea if anyone likes them
the closest thing i have are 5 favorites on my story
The only thing they commented on was my poem
Incomplete as in, work in progress? Or canceled? Or abandoned?
and that was like 3 of them
I thought the one you linked me was good
2 hours until I moon this fic
but I'll write any request for you Chromosome
also, you did say *about* 24 hours
I may have DH after me soon
As in I might be an hour or so off
might sound a bit strange, but I honestly don't really like reading stories that aren't complete or already pretty long. Makes it hard for me to get into them ^^;
Does anyone have a guide to getting normal followers?
@exewon: Ah, then you'll find it hard to get a proper story.
Chromosome: how's Alexstrazsa's suffering for this going?  or are you holding off on that?
how you mean silent? I know it cuts down on my chances but are there that many unfinished ones here?
You don't have to be here, you know.
I'm pretty sure above half the stories are unfinished, in all honesty.
also the third season of mlp is finishing up
Make him colorblind and give him all sorts of fun anemias  ^_^
question, everyone. In your opinion, what's a good amount of chapters to submit when you first submit a story? In say, a twenty chapter fic or so.
seems like it :/ oh well, time to swallow my unease and just bit through it :à
heading out, but coming back (wait what Blindshift??)
at least this site has a watch button so you know when there is a new chap
If you already have all the chapters done, release them on a weekly basis.
* Jesin fails to see how this Nic Cage plan will help
Gives you time to edit any last minute things.
true exewon...and weekly updates is what I would do afterwards.
Exactly, so you'll always know when it's updated.
I think I only wait for 4 stories to update in all honesty.
wooh, my account is all set up. :3
My computer's an idiot. I can't run anything not Valve, which is not necessarily a bad thing.
Dash for Death, Ponyfall:Austrelia, Silent Dreamweaver and Harmony.
I can't say that I read any of them
That they think this is a real sequel to White Box
Chromosome: I was fooled, and angry about it
@Exewon: It's alright, I'd been surprised if you did.
Chromo: I thought it was real right up until the second page or so
Oh, and I also wait for Silent Ponyville 3 to update
I wanted it to be stupid silly the whole way through
as a birthday present you get to have this fic up for up to 48 hours without losing my respect for you as an author
But at first, I was taking it WAY too seriously.
I'd also say Silent Ponyville series is pure awesome.
It will be my Star Wars Christmas Special
hmm, care to send me a link?
is to rename it White Box Christmas Special
And that's not a bad idea, Jesin
I gave you one task chat, one task...
SLP: Ignore the Anon behind the curtain
Oh. I'm talking to myself again I guess.
@exewon: Every single one? Huh. Ok, it'll take a while though.
It's fine, Piggy. At least the voice in your head is answering, right?
heya tails finally read that story of yours
There's a voice in the Professor's head?
Oh, it always does. It says mean things sometimes., Terrible things. But it always answers.
Thank goodness AA isn't here. It wouldn't do to have her hear what we say about her.
He should have a doctor look at that.
now I ain't the best in giving feedback so bear with me :P
Does the voice speak in an accent?
The voices in my head tell me to write about pastel miniature horses having sex.
It can speak Russian in a Spanish accent
AA: Hm. That garners my interest slightly.
Like I said, its pretty dark and I don't really know how scootalo kept living alone so long without anybody finding out about it. but for the rest its an intresting concept
the voices in my head say.... oh wait, there's only one voice in my head, and it's mine. oh, and that of the HS of course
And the rest of the time it's some kind of latin/spanish/irish thing.
exewon: it's been about a month in the series in my vision
No probs, just follow that guy's stories
exewon: she'll be found out pretty soon
Yes. It drops irish gaelic in. My grandfather used to speak it and it stuck.
Chromosome: though... really, you might wanna delete it, and let other people preserve it if they want
calling it "your Star Wars Christmas Special" works  :p
Chromosome, people will keep it. Might as well make it easier on them.
I'll also give a link to Harmony, but that will be it, don't want to flood the chat
Even the pre-readers are teasing me for it
sure I'll look for the rest on myself
I guess I should start on the weird fics I have
even if they may or may not kill my pride
Someone just asked me if the changeling in my story was bonbon.... :|
bah, Harmony lost me on the second chapter
I must get ready for a long, bizarre day
amazing prologue, but it lost me the same way end of ponies did on the transition out of it
Is the most addictive thing I have ever read
And when I said 'no, normal changeling' they were like. 'well I reject your reality because that's not normal behavior for a changeling'
heard it's good from a lot of people
where did the idea that Bonbon is a changeling even come from?
Harmony is basically fallout equestria but with bioshock instead of fallout
there is no standard for changeling behavior yet other than sinister which is easily undermined.
When it comes to theories i gotta know
@exewon: on a side note, look for Mystery Pinkie Pie Theatre 3000. It's not a story, more of a riff of existing stories. It's hilarious, to say the least.
yeah, I know that it's bioshock.  It's on my to read list right now
maybe because her voice is different every time she talks?
Well, it IS Lyra being seduced by a changeling, that has taken the form of her fantasies. IE human.
And shes is in the first eps party at like 4 spots
sigh, the only work of mine that I know is okay is my poem
whats the deal with the title bar change with that harmony fanfic? ive never seen that before
I'll keep my eyes open for it
she's the nurse joy and officer jenny of equestria
there is one for antipodes too, a special title bar
SheetGhost: there are title bar changes for a few stories that knighty particularly likes, another example is the 63rd rune
So who is she supposed to be?
I wonder how much hate I'm going to get after I write the fics in my inbox
RunePlate: stick something in the microwave trolol
Null do you want to meet lauren faust?
I might be killed in the process
I do want to meet her and claim her horn and wings
When people assume my characters will die....
Although, tentacle rape seems like a bad thing to write
Discord_Whooves: Ever heard of a writer named Loyal2Luna?
He also wrote a Doctor Who crossover that I thoroughly enjoyed.
Now we wait for LOTR with ponies
nikola tesla 2012 -  like a sir :/
wasn't lotr with ponies pretty much 'it's a dangerous business'?
In the end, you wrote good enough crossover?
anyone try writing a fic where a brony turns into a changeling and becomes more powerfull than celestia
Anyone have a guide to getting normal followers?
no AlphaPrime1, because that's a stupid premise
No, I think he means he wants to make his own cult.
if you want any followers just write a lot of crappy hie and clop
normal ones require being good enough to get on eqd
just direct them to the masters tumblr
don't make me gripe about my numbers again
which ones can I write that are in my request box
speaking of the master, I thought of drawing a crossover related to him
I'm listing you as the source for the image, mmkay?
I don't think I'll ever write normal fanfics.
oh.. the DH x AA and the owl x Philomena fic
those are the only ones close to normal :/
Hate writing romance, and love writing dark.
Actually, I'm in the mood to write clop as well.
should i list the spider as an OC?
oh and my exact words when chysalis revealed herself "SHES GOD DAMN SUCCUBUS"
You don't have to listen to your followers
Make it look like clop is about to happen
I did write really dark non gore
You don't see famous writers succumbing to the sexual desires of teenage boys, why should you?
You don't *have to* listen to them, but writing clop can be quite fun.
Hey guys? I got a question for all of you... I'm writing a 2nd person fan fic called "My Saving Grace". It involves Ditzy Doo and it has a lot of espionage and spy elements to it.
In it, Ditzy is a retired spy, who is your handler. Her usual appearance, her demanor, is all really a cover (Her eye is still messed up, though. That's not a cover) and she's really got some moves. How does this make you feel?
now I will get downvoted to oblivion
and i dont want to live on this earth anymore
woah, someone tried to steal my name? or did I discon?
Second person is the stupidest way to write somethings.
Some second person stuff can be good, and Creeper's is amongst some of the best.
Unless you're writing a script for a crappy JRPG dating sim, then don't.
It's just that so many people do it badly.
i mean, the moment it doesn't match what YOU would do, it sucks.
I already have it faved, so can't do much but say, nice fic.
Shining Armor, conceptually, you'd think would be Captain Equestria
AND THEN I PROCEEDED TO PAINT MY SELF BLACK AND GREEN
the would mean Twilight's Iron man, umm.... AJ is thor....
However an earthpony fits Steve Rogers a bit better than a unicorn with da magics
It's like saying that the rectangle fits in the cirlce.
And I did give it an up.
I'd say that the bigger issue is Blueblood as Thor, really.
@Raptor: Why hate 2nd person? I mean, there's no such thing as a bad way to write something, only bad writing.
It's no good to be touched and all that jazz?
A unicorn fits Hawkeye so he can hold the bow, so Shining Armor it is I suppose
Usually you get people with more thumbs than followers
there's a second person fic in the feature board right now.
And I've been there a whole bunch of times myself.
I saw something posted in IRC chat regulars
Gentleman: I say it because second person fics are ALWAYS done badly
If you mean Crowley's, then you're not exactly proving your point.
Yipyapper:  Nothing that will be discussed here.
That's a good point actually, I don't think I've seen Raptor up there before.
Second person is reserved to those special parts in a story where the author tries to break the fucking fourth wall
And aye, I mean Crowley's. It's very well done.
Anyway, mind linking this 2nd person fic?
Because I've read countless novels that have some form of the second person
both my posted fics have 5 likes and 0 dislikes.
Crowley is a good writer who writes very shallow, manipulative garbage.
I have never done that in my fics.
He needs to apply his talents to REAL shit.
raptor, i've NEVER seen second person in a novel
Done exceptionally well, yet they switch immediately back to third limited
Or, he can write what he enjoys writing, alternatively.
Skippy Dies by Paul Murray, an Irish author, is a great example of this
If he enjoys writing cheap, shallow, manipulative garbage, then good for him. I wish he didn't!
Damn nick registration, shouldn't have done it...
In fanfiction, it's bound to be incredibly stupid
Wow Scy, a lot of hate and intollerance. Kind of odd for a show that preaches this kind of stuff. I know everyone's entitled to their opinion, but this is more like you're trying to sway us.
For one, "love and tolerance" in this fandom is a lie
Second, I'm not trying to sway anyone, I'm expressing my opinion.
Second, Raptor, that's pretty close minded. I mean, ALL second person is bad? Seriously?
That's what Crowley's fics are and he is making absolute bank on it. I want to shake his hand and punch him in the dick at the same time.
>implying I said ALL second person is bad
love and tolerance is almost nonexistant in this fandom
I'll be notified when my story actually gets accepted, right?
I have yet to see it written exceptionally well in fanfiction.
Love and tolerance is bullshit. And people are allowed to be close-minded because they're PEOPLE and have actual emotions and opinions and shit.
Well, that's rude. Don't say shit like that.
Did I say I never read it? No. Skippy Dies is one of my all time favorite books.
[00:19] <RaptorSenior> Gentleman: I say it because second person fics are ALWAYS done badly <-- You did say that.
I wonder if hiding is a viable option
Gentleman, you're trying to sway me by saying that 'you can do it'
Ugh, why is writing conversation so freaking hard...
I think I can probably hide from AA and DH though
SilentBreeze:  Dialogue? That's the easiest stuff ever.
Okay then. Go check out my work. I doubt you'll like it though if you go into it, expecting it to be bad.
I don't expect anything to be bad on the first read-through
null, you're not allowed to write a clopfic about me and DH
You don't have to hide, because I won't hurt you
It's when I finish that I make my judgements.
SilentBreeze:  The best way to handle it for fanfiction is to read it back to yourself, imagining the characters saying it, in their voices. Does it sound like something they'd say?
so I'm probably going to write it
[00:19] <RaptorSenior> Gentleman: I say it because second person fics are ALWAYS done badly <-- Sure sounds like a judgement to me.
It probably won't get notice anyway, since not that many people read my stuff
null, if she doesn't want you to write it, then don't.
!!!GENTLEMEN!!! THE FELLOWS WHO ENFORCE THE COMMANDMENTS ARE ON LEAVE PLACE THINE PROMISCUOS FABLES HITHER!!!! ?
And I'm saying it after writing a dialogue driven chapter last time, written in 2 days max.
No, you do know. I will sick the mods of the site on you.
The only work I haven't done in 2nd person is "My Little Serial Killer". A little experiment of mine.
* AlphaPrime1 was kicked by ScyStorm (Stop.)
dropped that subject asap, don't want to look back.
Gentleman: I feel like I'm reading the settings of a videogame
Settings of a video game? Just... How? You lost me.
I'm Canadian, so I learned french so that I can understand what the damn frenchies kept saying to me :/
Well, not really, I just learned it because it's valuable
French is a VERY useful skill to have, especially in Ottawa
especially when I don't have any new thumbs
Gentleman: I feel like I'm looking through the eyes of a mechanical, forced being without any coherent thought other than the actions set before me.
I have no idea why dialogue is so hard for me after I written a dialogue driven chapter last time.
I am almost certain it is the most bilingual region in the world
Almost 50% french, a little over 50% english
Scystorm, good, stop there, any EVs past that won't do any good anyway
wow, you really got down my almost full year's work in that four minutes. Way to go.
Yeah, why the hell do they go over 252 on a single stat anyway?
Montreal probably is... Or parts of Northern Ontario that are close to Quebec
Question: If ponies (herbivores, that is) are the sapient creatures of the MLP world, why are there livestock pigs?
It bores the ever living hell out of me. I doubt I'll keep going
You compared my work to a video game setting with one chapter.
I think I'm going to hunt myself down something cold to drink... or icecream
that's like taking a glass of water from the ocean and saying there are no fish in the ocean.
New Brunswick is the only official french/english region in Canada
@Tails: Because they need to trade something with the griffons.
Because your one chapter was all it took to convince me that it is the way it is.
Alpha, maybe if you listened to Scy...
AlphaPrime1:  Stop the caps, stop the annoying speech, or you're banned.
Really? Wow... Not gonna aruge you Raptor. You managed to sum up everything about me after skimming through one chapter.
* KMC[A] polishes the banhammer and hands it to Scy in preparation
That glass is only the first sentence.
* Jesin suspects it is about Spike
Your story is the ocean. I'm the reader, on a boat.
I'd love to know what Raptor's written come to think of it. I don't see anything upon searching.
I dunno what to write now :/
And you haven't provided me the wind to go anywhere.
And I'm not the best reviewer, you ass.
Bad romance sounds like a song, write that.
you know what's weird? talking to someone through comments on fimfic when you're in irc with them
So, you admit you're not the authroity and you're passing judgement, right?
If you didn't want my opinion, then you should have never posted your work.
let me know if Scy swings the hammer, I'll be back
I don't want to flood more super bad HiE
Aye, I get that. It's just he passed his opinion before he even knew what I did.
alright time to write my next chapter of Overcoming the Odds then
and being a gigantic cunt about it as usual, Yip.
I haven't actually gotten to the romance part yet
As soon as I said "I write 2nd person fics" he immediately made up his mind.
Monk, you'll get used to it, the admin bot might as well be Discord, not Luna
And I knew there was nothing I can do.
The authority rests with you and your writing. Me telling you that I can't get into your story because of it is not going to help you unless you let it.
You know what'd weird, SLP? Expecting someone to talk to you on IRC when they have every reason to be upset with you
I don't think I'll ever write a HiE, unless it'd be dark.
@Jesin: Already have it on my computer.
Just put out a seemingly not good fic to change convo
i am sry but i jus rly like archaic speech
you know what else is weird, AA? Expecting people to be able to communicate with you on a verbal level over an Internet Relay Chat service.
I said write one, not read one.
Yipyapper: you want the link to the crossover doc?
I was following a dark HiE fic, but it turned out bad. Ugh.
i've only seen one good HiE and it wasn't technically HiE
About the verbal level thing, I mean
I can see why you'd be upset with me. I don't think you should be, but w.e
I have come up with what is probably the only plausible way a human could hit Equestria.
lol, there's a group on furaffinity that's having a contest to see who can get the creepiest comments on their stuff
That is humans being a fantasy. And a changeling becoming one.
Because let's face it. Humans and the land of pastel-coloured ponies do not gel well.
First comment on my story says that my fic is harder to pull off then HiE fics
tis errr this is not a joke
I've only read one HiE that sparked my interest.
Guess what my next series fic after my first one is finished is about...
...The mane 6 being the rulers of countries
And it was about a serial killer.
Anonymous_Pegasus: if you picture equestria in the sense of real rather than cartoonized, certain things become possible.
So I have no idea what reception to await
So far hardly anyone commented, but I have nearly a thousand views.
So I guess people are reading it?
My HiE fic got a downvote from somebody that told me that a semicolon was required instead of a period.
a semicolon is never required instead of a period
maybe it had something to do with it being HiE?
Yipyapper: you're now able to edit the doc
* Flttrshy knows how to properly use a semicolon.
I do too. There's the rare instance where they feel appropriate
like once every one and a half paragraphs
Most of the time, I can make two sentences anyway.
I use one once every 5 pages maybe?
I have to go over it in edit sweeps and try not to overdo it
I never use them. Lately I've tried to avoid ampersands too.
I don't really write stuff that makes me think about using them
I don't know why you would use it though
It only works in quick, catchy titles
it's just a guy scratching his butt on the floor... what to hate on that???
I hate the idea of using them in prose
It is only a lazy and in prose
Only if they are short and sweet
ampersands are a big NO-NO in narrative except quoted or on a sign
I don't know why you would use ampersands in quotes either
Flim & Flam Brothers: The Pony Torture Machine
I like semicolons if used very sparingly
I thought never using them was a very straight forward fact
I use ampersands in computer programming, not usually in English text
i live 80,000 feet below sea level
bitwise operations and the boolean && comparative
We use C++ in programming our robot
But next year we are switching to Java, I really hope I learn it well...
the college never teached us how to apply languages on hardwares
RunePlate: for html, just look at source code for a good few hours.
[19:45:50]	Yipyapper	But next year we are switching to Java, I really hope I learn it well...
C++ to Java should be *frickin easy*
something advanced especially with database is what I'm lost at
helps to know javascript and css too though
I've looked at how the programs are structured
Anyone hear has read a fic in which in one chapter Rainbow has severy hoof problems and a phobia for... whatever the name is for a guy (or pon y) who takes care of the hooves of horses. But AJ manages to convincer her anyway?
Yes, at least FIRST Robotics related syntax
it's basically that, with just a couple differences.
I can't remember what its called and I have read so many fics, I just can't find it anymore
C# is my favorite language, even though it's Microsoft's bastardization of Java
Baree find it  by character and tag
Chiropodist? Not even sure how to spell that.
Know what? I'm tired, so I'm going to bed. Later people.
But I spent more time in C++
Turing is the hardest language for sure
Nah, chiropractor is for the back, isn't it?
Yipyapper: if you know C#, Java's going to be no problem.
i thought turing was an artificial intelligence test.
Ah, wait, Farrier is for horseshoes, I think?
there's this thing called a turing machine
if (HanSolo == shot_first && Greedo == dead){Jabba("peecha chakka no wookie boonowa tweepi solo? Ho ho hooooo");}
Turing is a super easy introductory language, like Basic for babies
time to go fix that in my writing
fucking BS computer science course and I don't know what you guys are talking about now
[19:48:46]	Flttrshy	i thought turing was an artificial intelligence test.
Turing was a guy named Alan, who made computer science
and then suicided because he was exposed as homosexual and people really didn't like those back then, or some such
if (trollFic <= normalFic) {trollFic = featureBoxStory}
Wasn't Turing also partially responsible for decoding the enigma?
Or am I thinking of someone else?
Yipyapper, you're misusing the assignment operator there
Hmm. Well, its worth a shot. Thanks Runetree. Not sure why I hadnt triedt hat yet.
It wasn't supposed to be technical -_-
Ah, yes, he did work on decoding the Enigma.
but then why'd you write it in code?
dont give me names for new OCs heh
story, y u no get approved faster?
Someone needs to change the goddamn featured box algorithm
RaptorSenior, I think pretty much everyone here can agree
It's already been discussed to death, though
switch (featureBox){ case trollFic: featureBox.true(trollFic); break; case goodFic: downvote.true(goodFic);break;
SOLUTION: Hack FiMFic and insert new algorithm
It has a system? I thought it just chose shit at random.
Gimme a break, I haven't C#'ed in a year
Jesin: it's a method defined in the class you dope
null_: Do you really want someone to?
Because if you post it here, I may read it.
Sorry I didn't answer, Rune. In query with someone else.
hi Obs AA Yip Flttrshy Scootalloo Coffeebean Raptor
HI EVERYONE IN IRC AT THE MOMENT
if (fic.owner=="RaptorSenior"){feature.add(fic.RaptorSenior);} else { fic.dumpoblivion;} (I have no idea)
i'm watching people ice fishing under watter.
first bit of programming I ever learned: document.write("Hello World")
The one things I kinda miss on fimfiction is that you can't see how many results a search yields
I wish I had the patience to learn to program.
Coffeebean: How are you at math?  :3
My first poem in a while, and professor piggy likes it
Obs! Is one of them mine? :D
null_: Your story has an interesting premise, but is surrounded by its greatest downfall: telling rather than showing.
is there seriously nobody approving stories right now?
is heavily based on another project I got bogged down in
AA, how was the feeling that Chrome said "And then they have sex."? *smirk
Jes, I'd say it's average, I'm comfortable doing dose calculations for handing out medication, and that's about it.
You also have a small abuse of the passive tense.
7.2k words of awkward sentences, sudden gender-bending, terrible action scenes, and out of characterness.
by math I do not mean arithmetic
I have to find a way to stop talking in chat and working on writing
we had a fully genderswapped football game at school today.
I mean modular arithmetic, induction, set theory, logics
“Watch out!” Pinkie Pie shouted while changing her glow to a yellow one and began to float around the plant.
girls played on the field while boys cheered in skirts on the sidelines.
I won't get any good otherwise, but I just can't stop staying in chat
meh now I'm just being pretentious possibly
Alright, someone tell me something that will make me leave
Yipyapper, I want to write forth-person clop about batman x rainbow dash, with a tonne of scratchtavia.
Omg, I'm leaving to write my fic now
...Huh, no idea how that 4 got there.
[20:05:31]	Absolute-Anonymous	Fourth person clop? What the fuck?
AA: I knew a guy who.. ?
First person: me. Second person: you. Third person: they. Fourt person: A Brazilian ironworker
I think I need to find out how to write in forth person.
Trillian was being a bitch for a brief moment.
Do I need to slap you again, Coffeebean?
Euch, I read to many fics... Its still going to take me ages to find :P
Fourth person would have to be "I knew someone who did this and this and this"
Ah! Null is N? That explains the random thank you earlier
First is I, second is You, third is They, fourth is Someone I knew once
Fourth person clop would be "I heard from a fellow that Twilight Sparkle raised her haunches."
i've actually watched a documentary on bronies, that's longer than all yugioh movies.
"I once knew Twilight Sparkle, who knew Rainbow Dash when she did the sonic rainboom,"
"He said she took a pounding from Big Mac nice and easy"
So...forth person clop would be someone telling the story of sex they heard about one time?
[20:07:56]	Carmine	And Pinkie navi went Super Saiyan.
Carmine are you having badfic masochism session again?
That's even more odd than usual clop
It would probably be featured. Just title it "Fourth Person Clop" and do it ironically, like Coffebean says
"It was apparently pretty hot, or so I was led to understand."
Carmine, I don't think that's super saiyan
you're just reading it because Navi Pie
I think that's inserting Surprise to explain how Navi sometimes turns yellow
>The train had been on the move for a few hours now, yet no matter where it went, the dense fog outside seemed to follow. I knew, deep down, that the fog had come from somewhere. Yet as to where and why, I had no clue. It was as if the world donned these gray colors for sheer symbolism, like it was trying to tell us, the whole world, something important.
I could even steal a pair of thick glasses and a turtle neck from a review thread on /fic/ if it'd help.
Twilight moved her head from side to side leaving a big sigh, trying to do what Pinkie said. She took her sword again and adopted again her battle stance.
>To tell you that magic is gone.
Wow, looks like there's still the same ppl (or almost) as the last chat
boum: Yeah, the regulars are very regular
"A fellow told me a story once. A raunchy bedroom tale, of sorts, but interesting all the same. Because it had sex. And sex gets folks listening."
obs: I'm going to write a narrative story.
* Coffeebean lights up his pipe, and listens to Obs.
Apparently it's fourth-person clop as relayed by a grizzled 1890s prspector
i desire links to quality clops, if such things exist..
RunePlate: i assure you Obselescence didnt wake me
Then Twilight swung her sword and the Deku Baba went stiff with the pain. Twilight struck it again and the plant detached from the ground while its jaws were separated from the stiff stem at the time it hit the ground.
There's no such thing as quality clops, silly
I know imac... it's just the timing in the chat
i had to wake up, im due at the DFA office in  2 1/2 hours
Car: Itsnot a fic, it's a Let's Play
And it was a good poem, null. I'm not a good judge, but it's a good poem.
I haven't written poetry in a long time though :|
They just tried to explain how Link is able to hold onto all those items
Apparently it's there, but it's not there.
Ok, so null is N. Thanks for the info.
Yeah, I can't use n as a user for various reasons in irc chat
[20:13:08]	Carmine	They just tried to explain how Link is able to hold onto all those items
This person needs to do a Metroid crossover next
the most egregious violation of physics involved in this
Brb, doing a livestream here and I need to continue a drawing X.X
are heavy only when you wear them, not when you carry them
what's an example of something written in fourth person?
Eh, I give up. I can't find it. Maybe I didn't read it on fimfiction
So we can hear in EXCRUCIATING DETAIL how Rarity is able to Shinespark
“But it doesn’t have any kind of handle.” Twilight said, trying to push it. “And it doesn’t open pushing either.”  “To open it, you just have to take a look to the <<Action Icon>> and press it when it says <<Open>>.” Pinkie explained.
Hmm, okay, so various sources tell me that I can't write porn in 4th person.
[20:15:40]	Coffeebean	Hmm, okay, so various sources tell me that I can't write porn in 4th person.
Jesin: It's lodestone. They're made heavier when magic is applied
because apparently it's just long-winded third person.
> Trying to not take damage from high heights.
It was also something easy: he make himself roll with magic in the moment he touches the ground. However, that didn’t work when the jump was really, really high. Try it if you are feeling bold. Bye Master!”
Jesin: It's lodestone. They're made heavier when magic is applied
4th would be if you were reading the story as if it was historic text
here, a sample of 4th says by <Obselescence> "A fellow told me a story once. A raunchy bedroom tale, of sorts, but interesting all the same. Because it had sex. And sex gets folks listening."
Jesin: Not sure the principles, but all I know is that in most magic circles, it converts magic to density
From Urban dictionary Example: "we will cross the street" or "we are crossing the street".
"A lodestone or loadstone is a naturally magnetized piece of the mineral magnetite. They are naturally occurring magnets, that attract pieces of iron."
Okay, someone name an *interesting* inanimate object.
We are now talking in the 4th person.
"Twilight will be having raunchy bedroom adventures."
and I will ship it with Lyra.
how about you Coffeebean... you're an inanimate object
and you're on my cup today... steamy cup
where Lemon Dreams is the one from Blueshift's fic, Cake Story
* Nighthawk_imac blasts fireball out of nose
Jesin: I mean in magic stuff. So yes, probably ferromagnetic and on the same resonant frequency as the earth
lyra x plank shipping would be great
Hold on, let me link you the trollfic.
Lol I look idiot asking that kind of question
/What/ is plank? Since you were talking about inanimate objects.
doesn't look like the bods are checked the submitted-queu, so there's no point in me staying up late.
I remember that video when it was on tv
omg I haven't seen that video in so long Rune!
man it seems like so long since T.V was that awesome
ponies is one of the few modern cartoons I like, yes. :3
some more nostalgia: courage the cowardly dog.
As a collab with Yipyapper, I am writing a Half Life 2 crossover fic titled Infinity.
Holy shit I have a bag of unopened chips RIGHT BESIDE ME! Why have I not eaten them yet?
I got one thing to say about that show
It will not be an HiE fic, because those are the most ungodly works concieved of humanity, probably the spawns of Satan
that shit used to scare me to hell
Has anypony ever done a Gumball and MLP crossover fanfic?
Welcome back the the end of sanity!
We've got some work to do now
Now I think AA is blind, because he cannot find his bag of chips
what if Rarity is Eustace, Fluttershy is Courage and Pinkie is Muriel
Raptor: There are a few good HIEs, but you're right, it should be just courage in equestria
I just haven't eaten them yet for some reason
are you on one of those diets
Does AA mean potato chips or like
Somepony ever seen a Gumball and MLP crossover fic?
AA it was meant to be eaten today! It is its destiny!!!
And yeah, potato chips. The crispy kind.
I call everyone men for some reason
My brother bought them for me while he was at the store and gave them to me like an hour ago
And yet I haven't even opened them
Null: Rule 15 is well ingrained in the collective subconscious
Anypony got a good Adventure Time and MLP crossover?
I could do with some crisps actually.
NOW I must begin my writing session again
My brain is so confused write now
if you need to tell me something, ping me and it better not be to just say my name randomly -.-
Eat it now... It's destined to be eaten right now
I never know how good my writing is
but the people who say it's bad apparently misunderstand it
I should probably be writing more dialogue though
I think those are my biggest weaknesses as a writer
been compared to the early/first harry potter books quality-wise
I could care less if you care or not.
my descriptions, specificially. they're either underdone/non-existent, or way overdone
it is messing with my mind too
And welcome to Hell. We have free alcoholic beverages
I asked this question yesterday, but I didn't get a consensus:
I'm good, thanks for the offer though.
I don't like alcohol, especially the smell
If Pinkie saw a pony bleeding, would she think it was cherry syrup or that she was bleeding at first glance?
ironic... the capitalized yay can be interpreted as a crying emoticon
are we gonna talk about that  again?
Pinkie would know it's blood. She's not an idiot.
the last time I talked about that
rat, cat, dog, horse and frog meat
Yip - I think she'd know it's blood and be worried.
She's in the food industry. Surely she's cut herself on accident before. She'd know what blood fucking looks like.
I have been recommended Rocky Mountain Oysters
Also, just read that as Snape wine.
I don't know if I want to have super testosterone though
What the fuck kind of convo did I just walk back into
it's alcoholic drink made of fermented coconut and you preserve a snake penis on it
I am talking about stuff to eat
the good stuff that no one knows about
I am not opening any links from Carmine again.
BECAUSE YOU GAVE HER A NEW ELEMENT
I dunno why people are grossed out when they eat beef
null: people get grossed out because it's dead animal, that's why
I don't think I could eat rockey mountain oysters.
It's kind of icky for some people
I have no idea what you're talking about
But eating something else's manparts is a little far.
they kinda just eat anything that moves
I think they sneak in human organs into meat products in china
I guess that makes me a cannibal
I said snake wine consists of coconut wine with preserved snake penis in the bottle
I thought he was on about Rocky Mountain Oysters.
Oh, I couldn't eat a snake penis either.
Was this the greatest troll in the history of the science?
but I didn't get disturbed at all
I've seen dead people, doesn't mean I'd eat the buggers xD
humans would be fine to eat, except for prions
you'd have a high chance of getting kuru
there are also ridiculous delicacies involving animal genitals
people eat them for sex drive and stuff
Deer penis soup is the other one I am aware of
an aborted 7 day old chick in a egg, or called Balut here, sold nationwide
rotting for about 100 years or so
Again, eating a dick is not the kind of aphrodisiac I'd go for.
coffee I said the drink dont have to eat it
enough to make you magically get chicks
I saw an episode of Fear Factor where they had to eat dicks
You sure that was Fear Factor, and not something you'd downloaded, Scy? ;)
if you eat small fish and insects
Four different ones. Bull, buffalo, deer, and some other smaller one.
well if you eat anything small anyway
And you said you weren't good at comedy
I don't know why we are talking about this
Hm. I wonder what a pony would look like in Combine armor...
and need to eat anything that moves
well fetus get run over all the time
I am now going to be very sad
I don't know what you're talking about
did I have a fic of mine in the featured box?
is there such a thing as a shirt for the Wonderbolts in the sense of being like they were a real life group?
was surprised bad mane day's on it again
Flttr, do you mean as in merch?
so a lot of fics get up now
I am sure it was Bad Mane Day that got featured
Let the conspiracy to accuse Chromosome of trolling his own fic begin
I have saved the fic on a notepad
What's this begin, people have been saying that since yesterday
why someone took the trouble to write that and then accuse Chromosome of posting and then deleting it
Just trying to figure out what people are talking about
I guess we need to fix your hearing then
RunePlate: bad mane day was featured last night around 3-5 am
I mean as in, just a moments ago
Some sort of mark on stories that have been featured
Like a little blue ribbon or something
lol they told me I can use the blog to say notices about my fic
well, I'm just seizing the new featured box feature
bah I was supposed to get writing done today
the top 2 fics involve the #2
i'm picturing an image of the wonderbolts put into a grunge-ish quality, on a shirt
> Twilight's getting ready to fight Gohma
If it was a conspiracy, KMCA, I missed it
“I think we can adopt it.” Pinkie said, trying to suppress a chuckle.
the applebloom image in the third fic is sad... because she doesn't have 2 of anything
none of my friends like the songs I listen to
I got a drink, I'm still away
That one is okay, just not quite my taste.
now Wil is left so chaos can start
how do you post stories here T_T
It goes all right. I have chips, so I'm happy.
Pretty good. Started a collab with Yipyapper
Sorry, FluttershyOC. He only asked us cuz we went out of our way to greet him and are mildly familiar with him.
how do you post stories on this site
because i was watching community for a few weeks now i'm watching breaking bad
It's okay, I'm willing to share my chips
er, using my old name with my new account is getting a tad confusing
Hows the group going Raptor? I see we have five members. Wanna try and spread the word?
What do you mean "Orly?" I have chips. I need nothing else in this world.
And I want to SHARE my happiness
shipping inanimate objects... how about Tom and Bloomberg
Well, of course I need you. Have some chips.
I should probably finish this paragraph though.
Do you mean chips as in chips, or chips as in crisps?
My liquor shelf is so empty. All I have left is green Chartreuse, maraschino and peach schnapps
Then I can take a break until Norse criticizes it all.
Because this language barrier is breaking my head.
slice some tomatos and red onions and we have dip!
The closest thing I have to an actual snack is a 5 year old nutrigrain bar
Carcar: I will DCC you some schnapps
It is slightly green, that nutrigrain bar
I don't think it's safe to eat
I have to eat the 10 year old cereal first
* DrBob slaps DrBob around a bit with a large trout
As you're a man who is willing eat cow testicles, I don't see why you've not eaten the nutrigrain already.
null you watch on TLC? that guy who travels for exotic foods?
FluttershyOC, it only moves fast when certain members are present.
I had to eat the maggots in the rice
oh celtic rock, sometimes I think you're the only one who understands me
Oh happy videogames, I know you're the only thing that understands me.
so Crit, did you read my stuff yet?
Aw crap we have two fluttershys here
oi, I thought it was okay. Neither great nor bad.
Oh pert and bouncy breasts, you're the only ones who understand me.
I think your a little better that okay.
and an OC, because somepony took flutteryshy...
oh boobs of A cups and C cups... you're the only ones that understands me
this chat always manages to make me hungry
ive been conditioned to read your name as Dr. Boob
because A and B shells don't fit
was it the talk of boobs null?
There will always be at least one person that does.
every joke always have someone heard it
Raptor, with that name I always picture you as a raptor in suit, top hat and monocle...
They crawled into our sugar, but then we cooked them and ate them
Didn't I come up with that description RPlate?
They were a high protein substitution to actual rice
you said they crawled into your sugar
I see him more as Clint Eastwood, in that film where he demands children get off of his lawn.
Funny, cause I think exactly the same thing, only with a cup of tea added.
Skull, we just gave Fancypants a bestfriend
i don't see anything in the FAQ about adding stories
No, this IRC is in no way your lawn.
Yeah, history is generally full of crap DrBob
All I can hear in my head is "Damn commies."
you might die from eating it prepared improperly
I love anyone that gets that reference.
google has no result... bob wont love me
i don't see anything in the FAQ about adding or making stories
Although, that episode is probably older than most of the people in here by now.
anyone thows out a Farscape reference I'll be surprised
dammit Rune... focus on your lecture about mana
It's probably older than me, but I watch the show a lot.
everyone seems to be older than me, except for AA
Shit, I want to make a farscape reference, but I can't figure out what the drazz to say. Shazbot.
shut up with your ages you hooligans
I love how everyone just throws their ages about.
I know a 63 year old brony
i don't see anything in the FAQ about adding stories
This site needs an ADD story tutorial
Then why can no one ever find it?
Personal problems, I'll be gone for a while...
It doesn't tell you about minimum word counts... someone may want to add that
Yes, a lot of people don't read or look on fimfic
you'd have to make it the front page
zombies know how to sound smarter then some people
link to help me would be nice T_T
I don't know if Arti is here, but I nom him anyways
I would nom everything I came in contact with
Whilst most people just sit on their asses.
13 episodes to go in the new season.
Especially when the omelette thing came through.
Wait, is the next season the last?
I got pizza pockets... noname but still
If only we could punch people over the internet.
no direct link of blogs in the main... heh
We could develop tools to give food over the internet.
Personally, I want to see more of September Jr.
I'd rather have them end it on a high note than drive it into the ground
Sounds like a name for an OC.
* Jesin does not want to eat pony
Unless the genetic engineering ep was from season 1, saw that one
But that means you've missed Mr Avocado, the friendliest of fruits!?
I saw a kitten commit suicide today. A stray walked into the open door of a chinese food restaurant
I'm watching season one on the webs this summer
I lol'd then got scared when the owner started staring at it
i wanna know how to make a story on here T_T
there was a korean restaurant in my neighborhood
I think the owner was just concerned as to why a kitten would walk into his restaurant... but still, concern
it went out of business after the stray cat population dwindled
It's funny because it sounds like fish 'n' chips, but it isn't.
Crap, what was it I was writing the clop for again? Lyra x something?
jeez it's like the welcome wagon in here today
it's not really safe to eat paper
drinking milk in china is also liable to kill you
It was an inanimate object x Lyra.
ScyStorm is going to get angry OC if you keep asking for a tutorial on how to post a story
* Artimae licks Skull, KMCA, Coffee, ScyScy
* Skull025 noms Artimae with much happiness
Your licking ways have gone on for too long
You were meant for more than this
But the death is null and void.
I was so frightened the first time that happened.
make her work work make her work
Okay, I'm tired and cannot hold a conversation. I'll be leaving now. I shall stay on longer tomorrow.
* DrBob dances with the pink text
I presume it's night where you are.
i like how noone cares about me here
I just think it's a fabulous name.
indeed, it's the name of a famous emperor
Cii you are going to invoke the wrath of ScyStorm if you keep it up
Yeah don't fuck around with Luna man
shot out of a cannon: eliza thornberry, helga, angellica
holy shit... it's the big-nosed english documentary guy!!!
'    really? You? didn't think to put "I'm Smashing and I know it"?'
Fun Fact:  You can actually query Luna with the "seen" function, just don't type the % symbol
really? I never knew that scy. The more you know
And no one has the courage to test it out
I've tried it before but I didn't know you had to leave out %
screw using query, just open the damn window for her
Typing  /query Luna  opens up a damn window for her
does it work for all her commands?
It should. Just leave off the percentage sign.
can you start kicking people who do that?
No, I could've sworn there was someone called internet in here a while ago.
I'm gonna ban people who do it soon enough.
Maybe it was the_internet, but now I'm too frightened to try.
theres like 20x more people here than when i first joined
who here is older then 26 and knows cartoons really well?
Why do I almost always come into a banhammer situation?
with each hit it goes, "BALA -- BALA --BALARGHAAARGHLGHLRGHARGH"
Nigel Thornberry vs Professor Frink in a debate
I'm younger than 26, but both my parents are big time story board artists
KMCA: me, probably. What do you need?
is it bad that I wanted to eat her/
Wilhelm posted that the other day and I almost died
*dead body crawls all over the place*
I jsut want to cuddle it forever.
Nigel: I'll gonna blargh on you! Frink: not if I HOIZAN MEYVIN first!
I see your Maiden, and raise you Steel Panther.
* DJ_Bron3 is listening to All That Remains <3
Guys, quit with the dumb names already
if you want light stuff, you want a kickstick
why would you use a heavy hammer,
I'm sorry, I meant "tons of damage."
when a stick can do the job just fine
Who ever has heard of a heavy hammer?
It was worth it because I said so in all chat
does anybody know what i'm referring to when i say "Big High War God"?
I play FiMfic chat as a jungler.
I get a trinity force on fimfic chat
A character actually meant to jungle, and he solo't top with her
sadly, i can't get on it to roleplay until I update java and I cant update java till i get my laptop fixed.
He jungles Gragas and is working on Urgot
I'll kill his kids when he tries to jungle with Sona
we leashed it to half health too
He went 6/2/14 in a 20 min game
how do you die to a half health blue buff with smite?
I am completely lost in this conversation
which champion has real boobs on your opinion?
* KMCA see's LoL discusion and has no interest in it
Hey, i didnt have any runes or anything
Are you talking about that league of suchandsuch fizzledoodle?
I sometimes take smite in lane to troll
It's hilarious when you just jump in and steal blue from their jungler
>sent music in to EqD, no response from them
>instrumental music still gets posted this afternoon without my piece... (okay)
i sometimes stand on my head and pretend im a beyblade
I sometimes eat chicken and imagine I'm hungry.
one time... I did Kakashi's Thousand Years of Pain to a teacher
sometimes when im home alone i like to pour water on myslef and punch a punching bag and pretend im rocky balboa
cii that sounds like a fantastic idea to me right now
Did you ever notice how thimbles are like shoes for your fingers?
Flttrshy: YES PLEA- I mean... Uh... No you?
KMCA: fuckin...thats why you pour water on yourslef
so is anyone writing the plank x Bloomberg clopfic?
* Flttrshy blushes like a red delicious
Oh god, why did I just say that
Was no one alive in early 2k?... Are you all like 6
yes, finished it finally, now gotta edit the part out
Watched Dexter's Lab and EEnE every morning
The first thirty entries of Scootaloo's Diary are up now! Still waiting for approval on here, though.
i remember watching dexter, EEnE, umm.... Powerpuff girls.... what else....
Dear princess celestia I only used eight words
I was in my teens before EEnE was made
"Dear Princess Celestia, It was I who took the cookies from the main hall ~ Pinkie"
i was a little kid when EEnE was on
All of you talk about these strange clopfic pairs and shit
if you want a tree to tree ship/clop, ship Fluttershy to Bloomberg
I think I'm going to go write stuff because this chat is boring me. Someone PM me if anything interesting happens
"Dear Pinkie, I know that. I made them specially for you, even went overtime with my horn. -- Princess Molestia"
but the thing is I need to finish up things
Courage the Cowardly Dog is best early-2000s cartoon
no, I don't mean my name is 18
So I go to ponibooru to look up some Daisy/Colton pictures
DrBob: read your name as DrClop there...
Someone's gone through all the pictures with him and removed that tag
till that one episode where they got cursed gave me freakin nightmares.
Chromosome turned 18 less than four days ago
Yeah Billy, a fucking blind bag toy came out, so everyone instantly canonizes it
But that blind bag name is old
had this medusa looking dude that came and cursed them. scared the shit outta me, made me afraid of the show
my mom wont let me drink grape juice because the word rape is in it
I dunno. No one got around to it yet
Go change them back if you care so much
Anyone vs me on words with friends?
I can play more than just crit so like
Anyone else... feel free to challenge the lord of all scrabble knock off games..,
Does anyone here have experience with skydiving?
Damn google homepage, making me forget what I was trying to do.
It's okay, he's just gonna grape them
i meant to click on your link again, DrBob
I think my writing is slowly evolving from complete shit to something almost worth reading.
words with friends takes forever to download
Hey, anyone know what France is in pony terms?
You mean, a France related pony pun?
Anyone wanna read the first 30 parts of Scootaloo's Diary? They're on deviantART, and the last 15 entries are slightly less edited than they are for the submission on here (with the spell checker to point out a couple goofs) but it's pretty much cleaned up.
Does everything need to have a pony pun in it?
Okay I thought that but I wanted to check, thanks
The simple line when Pinkie Pie died was what made me love this so much. I mean, besides the other good parts.
There were good parts in that fic?
I saw someone use Fancee once as the language
I must show you people what good music is.
I was a terrible writer at the time.
3 PEOPLE JOINED MY GAME ALL AT ONCE
Stormspell: That would have been Applejack saying that.
[21:49:48]	Charlemagne	What, are they called Prench ponies?
So should I use the Fancee or Prench for the language
well, ? French haute coture (I spelled the second word wrong probably)
Wow, my school is 400 people, but we've had 3 deaths this year…
WAIT! the pony pun for france: FANCY-LAND
At least, it's not nearly as bad as you seem to make it out to be
Blargh... AndroIRC is annoying. I miss my netbook
So, do I use Fancee, prench, or stick with frence
Stormspell: "Sacrebleu! Un autre marque de cutie! [gasps] Qu'est-ce que c'est?! Je parle français?!" Considering what she said, I reckon the language, at least in the french equivalent, is francais.
I'll be gone for the night, got to collect my thoughts at my teacher's death…
Okay then I'll stick with french I think. Thanks for the help and input
How is Avenged Sevenfold awful and good at the same time?
i have two z's in this game
Anyone wanna read the first 8k words or so of Scootaloo's Diary?
anyone other than crit want to vs me in WWF?
As for me, I'm writing a scene were a humanized character is skydiving, never having done it before, using a makeshift parachute that he has to clutch to his chest. What I need to know, if he were to extend one arm outward, keeping the other clutched firmly to his chest, would this change in profile cause this character to change direction? Would they roll? Both?
Now all I can think of is "it's about time".
best form of music is song form
i can't get rid of these awful letters Dx
Quick, someone give me an incredibly important event in US history
HOW THE HELL DID I FORGET THAT
ps, fire was not discovered in any form of American History.
i have a dry since of humor
Anyone else on the whole skydiving thing?
luc is kicking my ass right now
I've contemplated writing a fic with as many obscure words as possible.
DrBob: Warning, obscure things may confuse people who can't add two and two.
I consistently add two and two and get 5.
HL2 episode 1, HL 2 episode 2
He is incapable of counting to 3
"She had lost any appearance of patience." <-- Does that sound alright, or does it need reworking?
Try something like "Any hint of patience had long since dissipated from her."
Actually yeah, go with one of those 2 words
* Cii could go to bronycon, but just for one day
huh, Scootamom is actually a decent fic
Although I don't see why they used Scoots. I thing I would have actually prefered an OC for the part
KMCA-bored: I gave it a look, but I couldn't get into it.
Yea it is. Geat concept and near perfect execution
The worst part about GDocs mobile is it simple doesn't work for me
I generally don't read fics that use "scoota" as a prefix for anything.
I think Firefly should be her mom
Where can I find someone to be an editor?
Clearly Scootaloo is the spawn of Cthulhu. They both end in the same sound.
There is a prereader group on the site
But I'll pre-read anything except clop for the sake of clop or shock fics.
I always edit my own work and just ask people to read over it and tell me any obvious mistakes
IT's basically what would happen if she found this chat room
Now what i wanna know is who that spell she is reading up on is for...
Semi-humanized twi being fucked and blasted by the other 5, who are gender swapped
If she didn't have hands, I could roll with it.
It's obvious Twi is the biggest freak
And suddenly I'm reminded of that fic where Twilight has a fever dream where she's in heat and the rest of the mane six are all colts.
Ah! didn't long enough to notice it was the other 5
I forgot the word at that particular moment
Ever since I worked security at Anthrocon, furries scare me
Oh, wait until you see bronies going wild.
I got hit on by a futa squrrel
Wait until you get hit on by futashy.
you really poor man... unless that was your thing.
Damn it, this blog is unhealthy but the art is so great.
Where do these people keep coming from?
Get hit on by Futashy? I can get behind that.
Seven_Fates: "I can get behind that." i c waat u did thar
Cii: Rather, I think that would get behind me, if you know what I mean.
futashy is the only 34 i can look at, just cuz its always so damn hilarious
After working at a sex store and doing secuirty conventions, I've kind of seen it all. Nothing really shocks me.
I kind enjoy how we got to this point in the conversation
* Cii saw penis shaped pasta in a general store in florida once. walked out slightly scarred
Why do all the popular people follow me?
yeah, that was 6 years ago. still remember it
That's nothing, I've been to a placenta party
Are you guys plotting to kill me?
The human brain uses approximately as much energy as a 10 watt light bulb
Fire causes $15 billion in damage each year in the US.
The Giant South African Earthworm (Microhaetus rappi) can grow up to 7 meters (22 feet) long and 2.5 cm (1 inch) in diameter.
Before prohibition, Shlitz brewery owned more land in Chicago than anyone else, except the Catholic Church.
Antarctica holds about 70% of the world's freshwater in its ice.
The combined internal surface area of a pair of human lungs is equal to about the area of a tennis court.
101 Dalmatians and Peter Pan are the only two Disney animated features in which both the parents are present and don't die throughout the movie.
Approximately 1 in 10,000 eggs has the Salmonella bacteria.
60% of the world's geysers are in Yellowstone National Park.
Americans consume approximately 6 gallons (23 liters) of ice cream per person per year.
The world's largest fruit are giant pumpkins. The world record is 1061lbs (481.3 kg)
In 1996 Americans bought $2.6 billion worth of gum.
There are twice as many Kangaroos in Australia as people.
Mary Shelly's Frankenstein is the most widely taught novel in America.
The lifespan of a tastebud is ten days.
There are more bacteria in your mouth than people on the earth.
Over the course of a lifetime the average man spends $3300 to remove their whiskers.
Beelzebub is Hebrew for "Lord of the Flies."
Alaskan citizens do not pay any state taxes; instead every person over the age of 6 months receives an oil dividend check of about $1000 per year.
The US Mint makes about 20 billion coins per year.
Each worker bee, in it's entire lifetime, produces only one twelfth (1/12) of one teaspoon (4.167 ml) of honey
The human heart creates enough pressure to squirt blood 10 meters (30 feet).
Only the US Mint produces money faster than the gambling industry in Las Vegas.
Non-dairy creamer is flammable.
80% of Publishers' Clearing House $10 million winners did not purchase any magazine subscriptions.
The warmest temperature ever recorded on Antarctica was 3 degrees F.
The bubbles in Guinness beer sink to the bottom - no one knows why
If all the ice on Antarctica were to melt the sea-level around the world would rise 67 meters (230 feet).
An oyster takes ten years to produce a pearl that is about the size of a pea.
During the average human lifetime a person's heart will beat about 2 billion times
Humans have about 100,000 hairs on their head; sea otters have this many on one square cm.
Frogs sometimes eat enough fireflies that they themselves glow.
The longest recorded flight of a chicken is thirteen seconds.
elephants can't jump, every other mammal can
When possums are playing possum they are not "playing", they actually pass out from sheer terror
the most sensitive finger is the forefinger
according to the federal center for substance abuse prevention "for kids under 21, there is no difference between alcohol and other drug use and abuse", incredibly, it makes no distinction between a self reliant 20 yr old toasting his love at their wedding reception with a sip of champagne and a drug-addicted 20 yr old doing crack cocaine!
the oil from hemp seeds has the highest percentage of essential fatty acids and the lowest percentage of saturated fats
a snail can sleep for 3 yrs
the only member of the band ZZ Top without a beard has the last name beard
if the population of china walked past you in single file, the line would never end because of the rate of reproduction
clans of long ago that wanted to get rid of their unwanted people without killing them used to burn their houses down - hence the expression "to get fired"
When you have a black eye, you have a bilateral periorbital hematoma.
There was only one pointer, the hour hand, on the first clocks made in the fourteenth century. The minute and seconds hands were added in the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries.
There are more television sets in the United States than there are people in Japan.
When a journalist asked her what she wore to bed, Marilyn Monroe replied "Chanel No. 5."
Experts have come to the conclusion that additional U.S. freeways does not automatically ease vehicle congestion. An example was shown in Springfield, Virginia, outside of Washington, D.C. The 8-year, $434 million freeway construction project resulted in commuters shaving only 30 seconds off of their drive time. The conclusion was that motorists lost more time in delays during construction than they could make up once the construction was complete.
Over 180 million Cadbury's Creme Eggs are sold between January and Easter each year — that's more than three Creme Eggs for every man, woman, and child in the U.S.
Crystals grow by reproducing themselves. The come the nearest to being "alive" of all members of the mineral kingdom.
Baskin-Robbins introduced the flavor "Lunar Cheesecake" to commemorate America's landing on the moon on July 20, 1969.
Irving Berlin never learned to read music or to write it. He hummed or sang his songs to a secretary, who wrote them down in musical notation.
Sylvan N. Goldman of Humpty Dumpty Stores and Standard Food Markets developed the shopping cart so that people could buy more in a single visit to the grocery store. He unveiled his creation in Oklahoma City on June 4, 1937.
In 1893, Chicago hired its first police woman. Her name was Marie Owens. While the city was progressive in its hiring practices, Chicago's female police officers were not allowed to wear uniforms until 1956.
By law, Bourbon must be produced in America, made from at least 51 percent corn, and made from a fermented sourmash of grains.
Pheasant hunting is believed to be Iowa's single biggest outdoor sporting event.
Miami Beach, Long Beach, Huntington Beach, Palm Beach, Pacific Beach, Hermosa Beach, Redondo Beach — there are scores of U.S. coastal cities and towns with "beach" in their names. Surprisingly, there's only one city in the United States named merely "Beach." It is found in North Dakota, which is a land-locked state.
The island nation of Cyprus is proudly reclaiming its ancient honor of being the birthplace of the Greek goddess of love and beauty, Aphrodite, and now offers a tasteful re-creation of her ancient rites for visitors and locals.
The Humane Society estimates that there are 800,000 dog bites that require medical attention every year. Dog bites rank second behind sexually transmitted diseases as the most costly health problem in the United States. Over 60 percent of those bitten are children, and 80 percent of the fatalities are also children.
The Humane Society estimates that there are 800,000 dog bites that require medical attention every year. Dog bites rank second behind sexually transmitted diseases as the most costly health problem in the United States. Over 60 percent of those bitten are children, and 80 percent of the fatalities are also children.
Migrating geese fly in a V-formation to save energy. A goose's wings churn the air and leave an air current behind. In the flying wedge, each bird is in position to get a lift from the current left by the bird ahead. It is easier going for all, except the leader. During a migration, geese are apt to take turns in the lead position.
In England, corn means wheat. In the Bible, corn means grain.
The eighteenth-century politician and playboy John Wiles was arguing with a fellow politician, Lord Sandwich, who exclaimed: "Sir, you will die either of the pox or on the gallows." To which Wilkes reportedly replied: "Depending on whether I embrace your mistress or your principles."
Eddie Arcaro, one of the greatest jockeys in horse race history, rode 250 losers before he won his first race. Ultimately, Arcaro won 4,779 races — including five Derby winners, six in the Preakness, and six in the Belmont Stakes, on such famous horses as Whirlaway, Citation, and Kelso.
California is the second-largest cheesemaking state after Wisconsin. It is the leader in producing Hispanic-style cheeses such as Monterey Jack.
According to the Detroit Free Press, 68 percent of professional hockey players have lost at least one tooth.In 1996, a Nevada panel designated the Las Vegas Strip a scenic byway, saying the glitzy neon lights and erupting volcano, sinking pirate ship, pyramid, castle, and other casino attractions are culturally enriching.
Every time it erupts, Old Faithful in Yellowstone National Park spurts up to 8,000 gallons of 199-degree water about 140 feet into the air.
At the turn of the century, most lightbulbs were handblown, and the cost of one was equivalent to half a day's pay for the average U.S. worker.
An average-size aardvark weighs about 150 pounds.
The coffee filter was invented by Melitta Bentz, in Germany in 1908. She pierced holes in a tin container, put a circular piece of absorbent paper in the bottom of it and put her creation over a coffee pot.
The grebe, an aquatic bird, has an effective means of escaping danger while protecting its young. At the first sign of danger, it will sink into the water until its back is level with the surface. This allows its offspring to swim over and quickly climb onto its back. The parent grebe then rises up to its swimming position and ferries the chicks across the water to safety.
Ancient Egyptians regarded the heart as the center of intelligence and emotion. They believed the brain to have no significance whatsoever, and in the important process of mummification, the brain was removed through the nose and discarded.
No one knows how many people live in the country of Bhutan. As of 1975, no census had ever been taken.
The Earth moves in its 585-million-mile orbit around the Sun approximately eight times faster than a bullet travels.
It was the style among 18th-century Englishmen to wear pantaloons so tight they had to be hung on special pegs that held them open, allowing the wearer to jump down into them.
When astronauts first shaved in space, their weightless whiskers floated up to the ceiling. A special razor had to be developed which drew the whiskers in like a vacuum cleaner.
Canadians eat more Kraft macaroni and cheese packaged dinners than any nationality in the world.
UK group The Tornadoes' hit single "Telstar" was the first UK single to reach Number 1 in the USA on December 22, 1962. This was more than a year before the Fab Four made it to Number 1 in the USA with "I Want to Hold Your Hand" on February 1, 1964.
If the amount of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere was doubled, the average temperature of the Earth would rise by 4 degrees Fahrenheit. Many forecasters expect carbon dioxide to double by the year 2025. The world would then be warmer than at any time in the last 100,000 years.
Adult polar bears usually eat just the skin and blubber of a seal. They leave the meat for cubs and scavengers. One seal will sustain an adult bear for 11 days.
Because of the speed at which Earth moves around the Sun, it is impossible for a solar eclipse to last more than 7 minutes and 58 seconds.
The names of Popeye's four nephews are Pipeye, Peepeye, Pupeye, and Poopeye.
In Las Vegas, local 911 operators took two million calls in 1996, about half of which were non-emergencies. One communications supervisor said he had a man call who insisted they help him find his uncle at a hotel.
Every three seconds, an area of the South American rain forest the size of a football field is cut down.
In the latter part of the 18th century, Prussian surgeons treated stutterers by snipping off portions of their tongues.
The invention of typing correction fluid is credited to Bette Nesmith, the mother of former Monkee Mike Nesmith. In the 1950s, Mrs. Nesmith was a typist. One day, she brought with her to work a small brush and a bottle of white paint which she used to correct her typos. She shared her "Mistake Out" with other secretaries, and was soon approached by an office supply company to market her invention. She later renamed the product Liquid Paper, and in 1979, sold the rights to the Gillette Company for $47.5 million.
Not all Broadway musicals have had happy premises or happy endings. Popular stage musicals over the years which featured death or murder include: Carmen Jones (1943), Carousel (1945), Evita (1979), Irma La Douce (1958), Lost in the Stars (1949), Man of La Mancha (1965), Oklahoma! (1943), Oliver! (1960), Perchance to Dream (1945), Porgy and Bess (1935), Redhead (1959), Rose-Marie (1924), Sunset Boulevard (1994), Sweeney Todd (1979), The Ballad of Dr. Crippen (1961), The King and I (1951), and West Side Story (1957)
Shakespeare spelled his own name several different ways.
The seed of the redwood trees are so small that 123,000 of them weigh scarcely a pound.
It is estimated that 4 million "junk" telephone calls – phone solicitations by persons or programmed machine – are made every day in the United States.
Pieces of bread were used to erase lead pencil before rubber came into use.
There are buffalo in Poland. They live mainly in the area of the Bialowieza Forest and are known as "zubra." The well-known Polish vodka Zubrowka, which means "buffalo brand," takes its name from these animals.
Tony the Tiger, cartoon mascot of Kellogg's Frosted Flakes since the early 1950s, was called "Tom-Tom the Tiger" in the island nation of Grenada.
One-fourth of the people who lose their sense of smell also lose their desire for sexual relations.
Pandas spend about 12 hours a day eating bamboo.
Your brain is more active sleeping than it is watching TV.
The brain is surrounded by a membrane containing veins and arteries. This membrane is filled with nerves of feeling. However, the brain itself has no feeling; if it is cut into, the person feels no pain.
In Muddy, Illinois, the post office measures only 7½ by 10½ feet, about the size of a garden shed. If it wasn't for a sign hanging above the door stating, "U.S. Post Office, Muddy, IL., 62965," finding the tiny, wooden building could be difficult. It is believed to be one of the smallest post offices in the United States.
Macaws are the largest and most colorful species of the parrot family.
The literary collections in the New York Public Library expand at the rate of approximately 10,000 items per week, in dozens of languages.
The average life span of London residents in the middle of the 19th century was 27 years. For members of the working class, that number dropped to 22 years.
Ninety-nine percent of all forms of life that have existed on Earth are now extinct.
A recent survey reveals that one in four Americans "believe in" astrology, up from 18 percent in 1988. One third (33 percent) of those in the 18- to 29-year-old bracket believe, to some extent, that horoscopes and the stars influence and predict events in their lives. Only 18 percent of those 60 years or older put much credence in astrology.
Christmas trees are edible. Many parts of pines, spruces, and firs can be eaten. The needles are a good source of vitamin C. Pine nuts, or pine cones, are also a good source of nutrition.
A recent study conducted by the Shyness Clinic in Menlo Park, California, revealed that almost 90 percent of Americans label themselves as shy.
An alligator can go through 2,000 to 3,000 teeth in a lifetime.
It is estimated that within the entire universe there are more than a trillion galaxies.
For golfing enthusiasts, Maricopa County in Arizona boasts the most golf courses in the country with a reported 168, followed by Palm Beach County in Florida with 150 and Riverside County in California with 145.
The ball on top of a flagpole is called a "truck."
When commercial telephone service was introduced between New York and London in 1927, the first three minutes of a call cost $75.00.
The marquees of the fifty largest casinos and hotels in Las Vegas use enough electricity to run more than a thousand average U.S. homes.
If you add together all the numbers on a roulette wheel (1 to 36), the total is the mystical number 666, often associated with the Devil.
Only men were allowed to eat at the first self-service restaurant, the Exchange Buffet in New York, opened in 1885. Customers ate standing up.
Australia is the smallest, flattest, and driest inhabited continent in the world. It is the only country which is also a whole continent — 18.6 million people live here.
Goldie Hawn is a direct descendent of Edward Rutledge, the youngest signer of the Declaration of Independence.
If the fresh water of the earth (only 1.6 percent of the water on the planet) was divided equally among all the people on earth, each one would get 40 million gallons.
In most advertisements, including newspapers, the time displayed on a watch is 10:10.
Fleas can accelerate 50 times faster than the space shuttle.
There are approximately 100,000 glaciers in Alaska.
A "fulgerite" is fossilized lightning. It forms when a powerful lightning bolt melts the soil into a glass-like state.
In Sweden, it is a breech of etiquette for you to toast your host or anyone who is your senior in rank or age until after they toast you.
According to poetic legend, Lizzie Borden used her ax and gave her mother 40 whacks and her father 41. In actuality, the police accused her of giving her father 10 whacks and her stepmom 19. Lizzie was acquitted at her trial of the double murder.
Until the 1920s, babies in Finland were often delivered in saunas. The heat was thought to help combat infection, and the warm atmosphere was considered pleasing to the infant. The Finns also considered sauna as a holy place.
There are about 2,500 different species of horsefly in the world.
Rafflesia flowers can measure 3 feet across -- the biggest flowers of any plant. They are also the smelliest flowers, reeking of rotten meat. This is a trick designed to attract flies for pollination.
In one year, hens in America lay enough eggs to encircle the globe a hundred times
The short-term memory capacity for most people is between five and nine items or digits. This is one reason that phone numbers were kept to seven digits (not including area code).
People in Sweden, Japan, and Canada are more likely to know the population of the United States than are Americans.
American actresses Sharon Stone and Lara Flynn Boyle both have appeared in Japanese ads for cosmetics.
According to a recent study, there are more than 100 art galleries in Scottsdale, Arizona, which, surprisingly, exceeds the number in either Los Angeles or San Francisco.
All porcupines float in water.
Someone who speaks through clenched teeth is called a dentiloquist.
A bucket filled with earth would weigh about 5 times more than the same bucket filled with the substance of the Sun. However, the force of gravity is so much greater on the Sun that a man weighing 150 pounds on our planet would weigh 2 tons on the Sun.
The Coast Guard Academy in July of 1976 was the first U.S. service academy to admit women.
The McDonald’s in Ft. Huachuca was the first restaurant to have a drive through window. The drive through allowed soldiers from Ft. Huachuca to get food since uniforms were not permitted in business establishments.
Penny Marshall was the first woman film director to have a film take in more than $100 million at the box office — she accomplished this with the 1988 flick Big.
The Salvation Army's motto is "Blood and Fire."
In Japan, there was a time when a wife being left-handed was ground for a divorce. Today the prejudice against lefties has lessened.
An old Irish saying states, "The left hand of a dead man dipped in a milk pail causes cream."
In North American sign language, a raised right hand means "powerful" and "brave." A left hand place over a right hand means "burial" and "death."
Ambidextrous taken to mean "able to use both hands equally," really translates as "having two right hands."
Left-handed brains can often handle music easily, but have trouble with language. Bob Dylan, a lefty, wrote the music for "Blowin' in the Wind" in less than five minutes, but it took him a month to write the lyrics.
When painting the Sistine Chapel, Michelangelo used both hands to paint.
The fish, turbot, is a "left-eyed" flounder and the halibut is a right-eyed flounder. Lobsters are also subject to handedness. If the left claw is bigger than the right, it's left handed, and vice versa.
Of the five people that designed the Macintosh computer, four were left-handed.
It is easier for a lefty to try "mirror writing" then a righty. This was a skill mastered by left-handers Lewis Carroll and Leonarde da Vinci.
According to SAT results, left-handed students have higher math scores than right-handed students do.
When hanging the United States' flag, it must fly to the left of any other flag when you look at it head on.
Most champion fencers are left-handed.
On a left-handed person, the nails tend to grow faster on the left hand than on the right hand.
According to biographer Donald Spoto, Alfred Hitchcock had a fear of eggs
Anne Rice has stated that she is afraid of the dark
Country star, Lyle Lovett, is reportedly afraid of cows
Some math: 111,111,111 x 111,111,111 = 12,345,678,987,654,321
If a statue in the park of a person on a horse has both front legs in the air, the person died as a result of wounds received in battle; if the horse has all four legs on the ground, the person died of natural causes.
No word in the English language rhymes with month, orange, silver, and purple.
Canada is an Indian word meaning "Big Village".
There are two credit cards for every person in the United States.
Only two people signed the Declaration of Independence on July 4th, John Hancock and Charles Thomson. Most of the rest signed on August 2, but the last signature wasn't added until 5 years later.
"I am." is the shortest complete sentence in the English language.
The most common name in the world is Mohammed.
The word "samba" means "to rub navels together."
The international telephone dialing code for Antarctica is 672.
The glue on Israeli postage stamps is certified kosher.
Mel Blanc (the voice of Bugs Bunny) was allergic to carrots.
Until 1965, driving was done on the left-hand side on roads in Sweden. The conversion to right-hand was done on a weekday at 5pm. All traffic stopped as people switched sides. This time and day were chosen to prevent accidents where drivers would have gotten up in the morning and been too sleepy to realize that *this* was the day of the changeover.
Dr. Seuss pronounced "Seuss" such that it rhymed with "rejoice."
In Casablanca, Humphrey Bogart never said "Play it again, Sam."
Sherlock Holmes never said "Elementary, my dear Watson."
More people are killed annually by donkeys than die in air crashes.
The term, "It's all fun and games until someone loses an eye" is from Ancient Rome. The only rule during wrestling matches was, "No eye gouging." Everything else was allowed, but the only way to bedisqualified was to poke someone's eye out.
A 'jiffy' is an actual unit of time for 1/100th of a second.
The average person falls asleep in seven minutes.
Hershey's Kisses are called that because the machine that makes them looks like it's kissing the conveyor belt.
Money isn't made out of paper, it's made out of cotton.
Every time you lick a stamp, you're consuming 1/10 of a calorie.
Coca-Cola was originally green.
The first couple to be shown in bed together on prime time television were Fred and Wilma Flintstone.
The phrase "rule of thumb" is derived from an old English law which stated that you couldn't beat your wife with anything wider than your thumb.
The name Jeep came from the abbreviation used in the army for the "General Purpose" vehicle; G.P.
The nursery rhyme "Ring Around the Rosey" is a rhyme about the plague. Infected people with the plague would get red circular sores ("Ring around the rosey"), these sores would smell very badly so common folks would put flowers on their bodies somewhere (inconspicuously), so that it would cover the smell of the sores ("a pocket full of posies"). Furthermore, people who died from the plague would be burned so as to reduce the possible spread of the disease ("ashes, ashes, we all fall down").
The percentage of Africa that is wilderness: 28%
The percentage of North America that is wilderness: 38%
In English pubs, ale is ordered by pints and quarts. So in old England, when customers got unruly, the bartender would yell at them mind their own pints and quarts and settle down. It's where we get the phrase "mind your P's and Q's"
In Scotland, a new game was invented. It was entitled Gentlemen Only Ladies Forbidden.... and thus the word GOLF entered into the English language.
IT IS POSSIBLE TO LICK YOUR ELBOW AND SNEEZE WITH YOUR EYES OPEN
In Shakespeare's time, mattresses were secured on bed frames by ropes. When you pulled on the ropes the mattress tightened, making the bed firmer to sleep on. Hence the phrase "goodnight, sleep tight".
Women blink nearly twice as much as men.
On average, 100 people choke to death on ball-point pens every year.  
If you eat a polar bear liver, you will die of vitamin A poisoning. As a carnivore which feeds largely upon fish-eating carnivores, the polar bear ingests large amounts of vitamin A, which is stored in its liver; in the past, humans have been poisoned by eating the livers of polar bears.
If you were to take the Earth and cut it in half along a line passing from the North Pole through Paris, and then measure the distance of the curve running from the North Pole to the equator on that circle, and then divide that distance by 10,000, you would have the traditional unit for the kilometer as defined in 1791 by the French Academy of Sciences.
Bulgaria is the birthplace of the Cyrillic alphabet, the second most widely used alphabet in the world, which was developed in the 10th century.
Modern english defines a billion as one thousand million (1,000,000,000). Many other languages define a billion to be one million million (1,000,000,000,000).
As a loanword from Norwegian, 'fjord' is the only word in the English language to start with the letters 'fj'.
Typically, muscular "strength" refers to the ability to exert a force on an external object. By this definition, the jaw muscle is the strongest. The 1992 Guinness Book of Records records the highest bite strength of 4337 N (975 lbf) for 2 seconds. What distinguishes the jaw muscle is not anything special about the muscle itself, but its advantage in working against a much shorter lever arm than other muscles. If "strength" refers to the force exerted by the muscle itself, the strongest muscle of the body is usually said to be the quadriceps femoris or the gluteus maximus. The unexplained statement that "the tongue is the strongest muscle in the body" appears frequently in lists of surprising facts, but it is difficult to find any definition of "strength" that would make this statement true. Note that the tongue consists of sixteen muscles, not one.
Contrary to popular belief, the Great Wall of China is not the only man made object on earth that is visible from space; in fact, the Great Wall is barely discernable, and only under perfect conditions. Low earth orbit(160-350 miles up) is the altitude that the space shuttle orbits at. At this "low" level of orbit, many man made objects are viewable to the naked eye, including airports, bridges, dams, and highways. The Wall is only 30 feet wide, and is of a similar color to its surroundings. The myth that "the Great Wall is the only man-made object visible from the moon" started in 1938 when the book "Second Book of Marvels, the Orient" was published, stating that "Astronomers say that the Great Wall is the only man-made thing on our planet visible to the human eye from the moon." Something that is almost invisible at 180 miles certainly isn't visible at 237,000 miles.
The Bulgarian Army is the only force in the world which never lost a single flag, although it actively participated in all major wars in Europe since the end of the 19th century.
Woody Harrelson's father is serving life in prison. Charles Harrelson is an organized crime-connected freelance hitman, who also has claimed that he was involved in John F. Kennedy's assassination.
Nepal is the only country in the world whose flag is not square or rectangular shaped.
Scratch-and-sniff works by taking the aroma-generating chemical and encapsulating it in gelatin or plastic spheres that are a few microns in diameter. When you scratch the sticker, you rupture some of these spheres and release the smell.
The 1883 eruption of Krakatoa ejected more than six cubic miles of rock, ash, and pumice into the atmosphere, and generated the loudest sound ever historically reported the cataclysmic explosion was distinctly heard as far away as Perth in Australia (approx. 3100 km/1900 mi), and the island of Rodrigues near Mauritius (approx. 4800 km/3000 mi). Atmospheric shock waves reverberated around the world seven times and were felt for five days. Waves from the tsunamis were recorded as far away as the English Channel.
A recent medical development will include a small amount of nitroglycerin in the tip of a new Durex condom to stimulate erection during intercourse. "The CSD500 condom contains a chemical in its teat, called glyceryl trinitrate (GTN), which is absorbed by the skin and causes blood vessels to dilate."
The antibacterial components of antibacterial soaps (usually triclosan or, less commonly, triclocarbon) needs to be left on a surface for about two minutes in order to work. Most people are not this patient, and end up washing off the soap before the antibacterial ingredients can do their job.
Aokigahara Jukai (The Sea of Trees) located at the base of Mount Fuji is the top suicide area in Japan; the spirits of those who kill themselves there are said to be cursed to forever haunt the area. Over 78 bodies have been discovered, prompting officials to put up signs prohibiting suicide in the forest.
The Guinness Book of World Records itself holds a world record, as the best-selling copyrighted series. It was created by Sir Hugh Beaver, then the managing director of the Guinness Brewery.
WD-40 stands for "Water Displacement, 40th attempt". WD-40 was invented in 1953 and was first used by Convair to protect the outer skin of the Atlas missile from rust and corrosion. Another random WD-40 fact is that WD-40 dissolves cocaine.
At a stride of 30 inches per step, you would have to take 2,112 steps to walk a distance of one mile.
A three minute song stored in a 128kbps MP3 file, if saved on punch cards, would require a stack of cards five feet nine inches high.
Pable Picasso's full name was "Pablo Diego José Francisco de Paula Juan Nepomuceno María de los Remedios Cipriano de la Santísima Trinidad Martyr Patricio Clito Ruiz y Picasso."
Janis Joplin, Jim Morrrison, Jimi Hendrix and Kurt Kobain all died at the age of 27. Other famed musicians who died at age 27 include Brian Jones of the Rolling Stones, country singer Hank Williams, and Blues pioneer Robert Johnson.
Consumption of TNT turns urine amber or deep red, which people often mistake for blood.
C-4 is a very stable product, well known for its durability and reliability. It will not explode even if hit by a bullet, punched, cut, or thrown into a fire (in Vietnam, soldiers actually burned C-4 as an improvised cooking fire). The only reliable method for detonation is via a detonator or blasting cap.
In the trench warfare conditions of World War One, the American shotgun was so effective that it caused Germany to file a diplomatic protest against their use
If you have 3 quarters, 4 dimes, and 4 pennies, you have $1.19. You also have the largest amount of money in coins without being able to make change for a dollar.
The numbers '172' can be found on the back of the U.S. $5 dollar bill in the bushes at the base of the Lincoln Memorial.
President Kennedy was the fastest random speaker in the world with upwards of 350 words per minute.
In the average lifetime, a person will walk the equivalent of 5 times around the equator.
Odontophobia is the fear of teeth.
The 57 on Heinz ketchup bottles represents the number of varieties of pickles the company once had.
In the early days of the telephone, operators would pick up a call and use the phrase, "Well, are you there?". It wasn't until 1895 that someone suggested answering the phone with the phrase "number please?"
The surface area of an average-sized brick is 79 cm squared.
According to suicide statistics, Monday is the favored day for self-destruction.
Cats sleep 16 to 18 hours per day.
The most common name in the world is Mohammed.
It is believed that Shakespeare was 46 around the time that the King James Version of the Bible was written. In Psalms 46, the 46th word from the first word is shake and the 46th word from the last word is spear.
Karoke means "empty orchestra" in Japanese.
The Eisenhower interstate system requires that one mile in every five must be straight. These straight sections are usable as airstrips in times of war or other emergencies.
The first known contraceptive was crocodile dung, used by Egyptians in 2000 B.C.
Rhode Island is the smallest state with the longest name. The official name, used on all state documents, is "Rhode Island and Providence Plantations."
When you die your hair still grows for a couple of months.
There are two credit cards for every person in the United States.
Isaac Asimov is the only author to have a book in every Dewey-decimal category.
The newspaper serving Frostbite Falls, Minnesota, the home of Rocky and Bullwinkle, is the Picayune Intellegence.
It would take 11 Empire State Buildings, stacked one on top of the other, to measure the Gulf of Mexico at its deepest point.
The first person selected as the Time Magazine Man of the Year - Charles Lindbergh in 1927.
The most money ever paid for a cow in an auction was $1.3 million.
It took Leo Tolstoy six years to write "War & Peace".
The Neanderthal's brain was bigger than yours is.
On the new hundred dollar bill the time on the clock tower of Independence Hall is 4:10.
Each of the suits on a deck of cards represents the four major pillars of the economy in the middle ages: heart represented the Church, spades represented the military, clubs represented agriculture, and diamonds represented the merchant class.
The names of the two stone lions in front of the New York Public Library are Patience and Fortitude. They were named by then-mayor Fiorello LaGuardia.
The Main Library at Indiana University sinks over an inch every year because when it was built, engineers failed to take into account the weight of all the books that would occupy the building.
The sound of E.T. walking was made by someone squishing her hands in jelly.
Lucy and Linus (who where brother and sister) had another little brother named Rerun. (He sometimes played left-field on Charlie Brown's baseball team, [when he could find it!]).
The pancreas produces Insulin.
1 in 5,000 north Atlantic lobsters are born bright blue.
There are 10 human body parts that are only 3 letters long (eye hip arm leg ear toe jaw rib lip gum).
A skunk's smell can be detected by a human a mile away.
The word "lethologica" describes the state of not being able to remember the word you want.
The king of hearts is the only king without a moustache.
Henry Ford produced the model T only in black because the black paint available at the time was the fastest to dry.
Mario, of Super Mario Bros. fame, appeared in the 1981 arcade game, Donkey Kong. His original name was Jumpman, but was changed to Mario to honor the Nintendo of America's landlord, Mario Segali.
The three best-known western names in China: Jesus Christ, Richard Nixon, and Elvis Presley.
Every year about 98% of the atoms in your body are replaced.
Elephants are the only mammals that can't jump.
The international telephone dialing code for Antarctica is 672.
World Tourist day is observed on September 27.
Women are 37% more likely to go to a psychiatrist than men are.
The human heart creates enough pressure to squirt blood 30 feet (9 m).
Diet Coke was only invented in 1982.
There are more than 1,700 references to gems and precious stones in the King James translation of the Bible.
When snakes are born with two heads, they fight each other for food.
American car horns beep in the tone of F.
Turning a clock's hands counterclockwise while setting it is not necessarily harmful. It is only damaging when the timepiece contains a chiming mechanism.
There are twice as many kangaroos in Australia as there are people. The kangaroo population is estimated at about 40 million.
Police dogs are trained to react to commands in a foreign language; commonly German but more recently Hungarian.
The Australian $5 to $100 notes are made of plastic.
St. Stephen is the patron saint of bricklayers.
The average person makes about 1,140 telephone calls each year.
Stressed is Desserts spelled backwards.
If you had enough water to fill one million goldfish bowls, you could fill an entire stadium.
Mary Stuart became Queen of Scotland when she was only six days old.
Charlie Brown's father was a barber.
Flying from London to New York by Concord, due to the time zones crossed, you can arrive 2 hours before you leave.
Dentists have recommended that a toothbrush be kept at least 6 feet (2 m) away from a toilet to avoid airborne particles resulting from the flush.
You burn more calories sleeping than you do watching TV.
A lion's roar can be heard from five miles away.
The citrus soda 7-UP was created in 1929; "7" was selected because the original containers were 7 ounces. "UP" indicated the direction of the bubbles.
Canadian researchers have found that Einstein's brain was 15% wider than normal.
The average person spends about 2 years on the phone in a lifetime.
The fist product to have a bar code was Wrigleys gum.
The largest number of children born to one woman is recorded at 69. From 1725-1765, a Russian peasant woman gave birth to 16 sets of twins, 7 sets of triplets, and 4 sets of quadruplets.
Beatrix Potter created the first of her legendary "Peter Rabbit" children's stories in 1902.
In ancient Rome, it was considered a sign of leadership to be born with a crooked nose.
The word "nerd" was first coined by Dr. Seuss in "If I Ran the Zoo."
A 41-gun salute is the traditional salute to a royal birth in Great Britain.
The bagpipe was originally made from the whole skin of a dead sheep.
The roar that we hear when we place a seashell next to our ear is not the ocean, but rather the sound of blood surging through the veins in the ear. Any cup-shaped object placed over the ear produces the same effect.
Revolvers cannot be silenced because of all the noisy gasses which escape the cylinder gap at the rear of the barrel.
Liberace Museum has a mirror-plated Rolls Royce; jewel-encrusted capes, and the largest rhinestone in the world, weighing 59 pounds and almost a foot in diameter.
A car that shifts manually gets 2 miles more per gallon of gas than a car with automatic shift.
Cats can hear ultrasound.
Dueling is legal in Paraguay as long as both parties are registered blood donors.
The highest point in Pennsylvania is lower than the lowest point in Colorado.
The United States has never lost a war in which mules were used.
Children grow faster in the springtime.
On average, there are 178 sesame seeds on each McDonalds BigMac bun.
Paul Revere rode on a horse that belonged to Deacon Larkin.
The Baby Ruth candy bar was actually named after Grover Cleveland's baby daughter, Ruth.
Minus 40 degrees Celsius is exactly the same as minus 40 degrees Fahrenheit.
Clans of long ago that wanted to get rid of unwanted people without killing them used to burn their houses down -- hence the expression "to get fired"
Nobody knows who built the Taj Mahal. The names of the architects, masons, and designers that have come down to us have all proved to be latter-day inventions, and there is no evidence to indicate who the real creators were.
Every human spent about half an hour as a single cell.
7.5 million toothpicks can be created from a cord of wood.
The plastic things on the end of shoelaces are called aglets.
A 41-gun salute is the traditional salute to a royal birth in Great Britain.
The earliest recorded case of a man giving up smoking was on April 5, 1679, when Johan Katsu, Sheriff of Turku, Finland, wrote in his diary "I quit smoking tobacco." He died one month later.
"Goodbye" came from "God bye" which came from "God be with you."
February is Black History Month.
Jane Barbie was the woman who did the voice recordings for the Bell System.
The first drive-in service station in the United States was opened by Gulf Oil Company - on December 1, 1913, in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
The elephant is the only animal with 4 knees.
Kansas state law requires pedestrians crossing the highways at night to wear tail lights
Rubber bands last longer when refrigerated.
Peanuts are one of the ingredients of dynamite.
The national anthem of Greece has 158 verses.  No one in Greece has memorized all 158 verses.
There are 293 ways to make change for a dollar.
The average secretary's left hand does 56% of the typing.
A shark is the only fish that can blink with both eyes.
There are more chickens than people in the world (at least before that chicken-flu thing).
Two-thirds of the world's eggplant is grown in New Jersey.
The longest one-syllable word in the English language is "screeched."
All of the clocks in the movie Pulp Fiction are stuck on 4:20.
No word in the English language rhymes with month, orange, silver or purple.
"Dreamt" is the only English word that ends in the letters "mt".
All 50 states are listed across the top of the Lincoln Memorial on the back of the $5 bill.
Almonds are members of the peach family.
Winston Churchill was born in a ladies' room during a dance.
Maine is the only state whose name is just one syllable.
There are only four words in the English language which end in "dous": tremendous, horrendous, stupendous, and hazardous.
Los Angeles's full name is "El Pueblo de Nuestra Senora la Reina de los Angeles de Porciuncula".  And can be abbreviated to 3.63% of its size, "L.A."
A cat has 32 muscles in each ear.
An ostrich's eye is bigger than it's brain.
Tigers have striped skin, not just striped fur.
In most advertisements, including newspapers, the time displayed on a watch is 10:10.
Al Capone's business card said he was a used furniture dealer.
The only real person to be a Pez head was Betsy Ross.
When the University of Nebraska Cornhuskers play football at home, the stadium becomes the state's third largest city.
The characters Bert and Ernie on Sesame Street were named after Bert the cop and Ernie the taxi driver in Frank Capra's "Its A Wonderful Life"
A dragonfly has a lifespan of 24 hours.
A goldfish has a memory span of three seconds.
A dime has 118 ridges around the edge.
On an American one-dollar bill, there is an owl in the upper left-hand corner of the "1" encased in the "shield" and a spider hidden in the front upper right-hand corner.
It's impossible to sneeze with your eyes open.
The giant squid has the largest eyes in the world.
Who's that playing the piano on the "Mad About You" theme?  Paul Reiser himself.
The male gypsy moth can "smell" the virgin female gypsy moth from 1.8 miles away (pretty good trick).
In England, the Speaker of the House is not allowed to speak.
The name for Oz in the "Wizard of Oz" was thought up when the creator, Frank Baum, looked at his filing cabinet and saw A-N, and O-Z, hence "Oz."
The microwave was invented after a researcher walked by a radar tube and a chocolate bar melted in his pocket.
Mr. Rogers is an ordained minister.
John Lennon's first girlfriend was named Thelma Pickles.
The average person falls asleep in seven minutes.
There are 336 dimples on a regulation golf ball.
'Stewardesses' is the longest word that is typed with only the left hand.
The "pound" key on your keyboard (#) is called an octotroph.
The only domestic animal not mentioned in the Bible is the cat.
The "dot" over the letter "i" is called a tittle.
Table tennis balls have been known to travel off the paddle at speeds up to 160 km/hr.
Pepsi originally contained pepsin, thus the name.
The original story from "Tales of 1001 Arabian Nights" begins, "Aladdin was a little Chinese boy."
Nutmeg is extremely poisonous if injected intravenously.
Honey is the only natural food that is made without destroying any kind of life.  What about milk you say?  A cow has to eat grass to produce milk and grass is living.
The most common name in the world is Mohammed.
Michael Jordan makes more money from NIKE annually than all of the Nike factory workers in Malaysia combined.
The volume of the Earth's moon is the same as the volume of the Pacific Ocean.
Cephalacaudal recapitulation is the reason our extremities develop Faster than the rest of us.
Spiral staircases in medieval castles are running clockwise.  This is because all knights used to be right-handed.  When the intruding army would climb the stairs they would not be able to use their right hand which was holding the sword because of the difficulties of climbing the stairs.  Left-handed knights would have had no troubles, except left-handed people could never become knights because it was assumed that they were descendants of the devil.
Ham radio operators got the term "ham" coined from the expression "ham fisted operators," a term used to describe early radio users who sent Morse code (i.e., pounded their fist).
The slogan on New Hampshire license plates is "Live Free or Die."  These license plates are manufactured by prisoners in the state prison in Concord.
Chinese Crested dogs can get acne.
Hydrogen gas is the least dense substance in the world, at 0.08988g/cc.  Hydrogen solid is the most dense substance in the world, at 70.6g/cc.
Each year there is one ton of cement poured for each man woman and child in the world.
The house fly hums in the middle octave key of F.
The only capital letter in the Roman alphabet with exactly one end point is P.
The giant red star Betelgeuse has a diameter larger than that of the Earth's orbit around the sun.
The longest place name still in use is: Taumatawhakatangihangaoauauotam-eteaturipukakapikimaungahoronukupokai-whenu a kitanatahu - a New Zealand hill.
Only 1 in 2,000,000,000 will live to be 116 or older.
According to Einstein's Special Theory of Relativity, it is possible to go slower than light and faster than light, but it is impossible to go the speed of light.  Also, there is a particle called tackyon which is supposed to go faster than light.  This means if you fire a tackyon beam, it travels before you fire it.
When you tie a noose, the rope is wrapped twelve times around because it's the same length as a persons head.
Hummingbirds are the only animal that can fly backwards.
A cat's jaw cannot move sideways.
The sentence, "The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog," uses every letter in the alphabet.
Average life span of a major league baseball: 7 pitches.
The reason firehouses have circular stairways is from the days of yore when the engines were pulled by horses.  The horses were stabled on the ground floor and figured out how to walk up straight staircases.
The airplane Buddy Holly died in was the "American Pie" (Thus the name of the Don McLean song).
When opossums are playing 'possum, they are not "playing."  They actually pass out from sheer terror.
The Main Library at Indiana University sinks over an inch every year because when it was built, engineers failed to take into account the weight of all the books that would occupy the building.
111,111,111 x 111,111,111 = 12,345,678,987,654,321
If a statue in the park of a person on a horse has both front legs in the air, the person died in battle.  If the horse has one front leg in the air, the person died as a result of wounds received in battle.  If the horse has all four legs on the ground, the person died of natural causes.
Clans of long ago that wanted to get rid of their unwanted people without killing them used to burn their houses down - hence the expression "to get fired."
The term "the whole 9 yards" came from WWII fighter pilots in the Pacific.  When arming their airplanes on the ground, the .50 caliber machine gun ammo belts measured exactly 27 feet, before being loaded into the fuselage.  If the pilots fired all their ammo at a target, it got "the whole 9 yards."
Hershey's Kisses are called that because the machine that makes them looks like it's kissing the conveyor belt.
The phrase "rule of thumb" is derived from an old English law which stated that you couldn't beat your wife with anything wider than your thumb.
The name Jeep came from the abbreviation used in the army for the "General Purpose" vehicle, G.P.
The cruise liner, Queen Elizabeth II, moves only six inches for each gallon of diesel that it burns.
The name Wendy was made up for the book "Peter Pan."
In Cleveland, Ohio, it's illegal to catch mice without a hunting license.
It takes 3,000 cows to supply the NFL with enough leather for a year's supply of footballs.
Thirty-five percent of the people who use personal ads for dating are already married.
There are an average of 178 sesame seeds on a McDonald's Big Mac bun.
The world's termites outweigh the world's humans 10 to 1.
Pound for pound, hamburgers cost more than new cars.
The 3 most valuable brand names on earth: Marlboro, Coca-Cola, and Budweiser, in that order.
When Heinz ketchup leaves the bottle, it travels at a rate of 25 miles per year.
Elephants can't jump.  Every other mammal can.